Updated July 13, 2014 6:54 p.m. ET

VIENNA—Efforts to open the way to a final nuclear deal between Iran and world
powers appeared to fall short after a day of intensive talks between the
Iranian foreign minister and his U.S. and European counterparts.

With a week left to a deadline for reaching a comprehensive deal, significant
gaps remained, European foreign ministers said...

Updated July 13, 2014 5:12 p.m. ET

SHENZHEN, China—Star Wang was surprised last summer to hear that Intel Corp.,
the world's biggest chip maker by revenue, wanted to talk business.

Mr. Wang runs a small factory in this southern Chinese city, making tablet
computers and printed circuit boards for local electronics brands in China and
South America. His company, Shenzhen Hampoo Science & Technology Co., isn't
well known, but it is exactly the kind of customer that...

Updated July 13, 2014 8:11 p.m. ET 

The Mets paused for this week's All-Star break with a record of 45-50, leaving
them seven games out of first place in the National League East standings.
This puts them on pace for 76.7 victories this season—or, even with some
generous rounding, a total significantly below 90.

It seems unfair to evaluate the Mets using that number as the standard.
Considering the obvious flaws checkering their roster from the outset, they
probably...

Updated July 13, 2014 8:52 p.m. ET

69 COMMENTS

The password to my  [Twitter](http://quotes.wsj.com/TWTR)[ TWTR 1.60 %
](http://quotes.wsj.com/TWTR) account, which has been mine since 2007 and
through which I have published more than 51,000 tweets, is "christophermims."
Knowing that won't help you hack it, however. In fact, I'm publishing my
password to make a point: The password is finally dying, if we want it to.

Before I outline why I'm so confident about the irrelevance of the password
that I'm willing to give mine away, let's talk about what is already
succeeding them, at least on a trial basis, on Google's corporate campus:
device-based authentication.

Google is working on an as-yet unnamed protocol that allows you to connect to
your online accounts on any device by authenticating yourself with your
smartphone. This could be a code sent to you, or even a "smart ring." In June,
Google showed off one version of this scheme, in which a user's laptop can be
unlocked by the mere presence of his or her smartphone. It might seem foolish
to replace an authentication token that you keep in your head (a password)
with one you keep in your pocket (like a phone) but consider: The former can
be obtained by hackers, and the latter you can shut down the moment it goes
missing.

#### Recent WSJD Articles on Passwords

  * ** [The Man Behind the First Computer Password: It's Become a Nightmare](http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/05/21/the-man-behind-the-first-computer-password-its-become-a-nightmare/) **
  * ** [Another Cyberattack? Follow These Password Tips From the Pros](http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/05/21/another-cyberattack-follow-these-password-tips-from-the-pros/) **
  * ** [Personal Tech Review: The Best Way to Manage All Your Passwords](http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303647204579545801399272852) **

If you have either an iPhone or a newer Samsung phone running Android, it's
simple to lock your phone remotely, even wipe it. So even if a thief gets his
hands on the skeleton key to your accounts, you can disable it easily. Plus,
your phone is itself locked (or should be) with a PIN code or even a
fingerprint sensor.

If you want to sample the early version of a post-password future, all you
have to do is switch on a common security feature of every major Web service.
It's available across all the Web giants, including every account offered by
Google,  [Yahoo](http://quotes.wsj.com/YHOO),[ YHOO 0.82 %
](http://quotes.wsj.com/YHOO) [Microsoft](http://quotes.wsj.com/MSFT),[ MSFT
0.20 % ](http://quotes.wsj.com/MSFT) [Facebook](http://quotes.wsj.com/FB),[ FB
2.41 % ](http://quotes.wsj.com/FB) Twitter and dozens of others, and yet
surveys suggest more than half the public hasn't heard of it. It's called two-
factor authentication. And if you have ever taken money out of your bank
account at an ATM, you've already experienced it.

Passwords are a uniquely terrible kind of single-factor authentication, in
which the one factor identifying you as you is the password itself. If you've
heard that longer, more complicated passwords are better than short ones,
that's only a little bit true. That is because, on account of our limited
memories, almost all of us re-use passwords across multiple accounts.

Google doesn't like to get specific about this sort of thing, but it's very
likely that one of the most common ways Gmail accounts are breached is that
hackers get hold of a database of passwords from somewhere else—like the 145
million  [eBay](http://quotes.wsj.com/EBAY)[ EBAY 0.97 %
](http://quotes.wsj.com/EBAY) passwords that were breached earlier this
year—and try them on the email addresses to which they are already linked.

![](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-
AB863_WSJDin_D_20140702162303.jpg) ENLARGE

** [WSJD](http://online.wsj.com/news/technology) is the Journal's home for tech news, analysis and product reviews.**

  * ** [Apple Responds to China Report on iPhone Location Feature](http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/07/12/apple-responds-to-china-tv-report-on-iphone-location-feature/) **
  * ** [Google Directors Wanted Page, Brin to Court Facebook Employees](http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/07/14/google-directors-wanted-page-brin-to-court-facebook-employees/) **
  * ** [For This Author, 10,000 Articles a Day Is a Good Day's Work](http://online.wsj.com/articles/for-this-author-10-000-wikipedia-articles-is-a-good-days-work-1405305001) **

Be honest: Do you use a completely unique password for every single one of
your email addresses and bank websites? Most of you just answered "no"—which
means most of you are vulnerable.

Currently, two-factor authentication solves the problem of the insecurity of
password databases. The first factor might be something you know—like a
password—and the second is something you have. In the case of an ATM, the
thing you know is your PIN number, and the thing you have is the debit card
itself.

The way device-based authentication works for your email or online bank
accounts is a little different: The thing you know is a password, and the
thing you have is a smartphone. In most implementations of two-factor
authentication, when you try to log in via the usual method, the website
prompts you to enter in a (usually six digit) code that has just been texted
to you. Because no one else in the world has your phone number, and the
international system for sending texts is, according to experts, almost
impossibly difficult to hack, the result is a login system that is much more
secure than a password alone.

But wait, there's more: Authentication through a text message (or in some
cases an app on your smartphone, which has the advantage of working even when
you have no cell signal) is so much better than a password alone that, in a
sense, it makes the password obsolete. It's true that even two-factor
authentication can be defeated by a handful of methods, but all of those
methods are no more effective if your password is 256 characters long and made
of only special characters than if it's 8 characters long and is in fact
"password."

This is one reason why companies like Telesign, which provides two-factor
authentication services to "nine of the top 10 Web properties," says CEO
Steve Jillings, are working on login systems that, like Google's system, do
away with the password entirely. These systems will be revealed sometime this
quarter, says Mr. Jillings. And competitors like Authy allow cellphones to
wirelessly send two-factor authentication tokens to your PC, which makes
logging in with this method almost as easy as logging in with a password.

This isn't to say that two-factor authentication, and its more evolved cousin,
device-based authentication, is a panacea. Security is an arms race, and if
enough people switch to these new schemes, hackers will find their weaknesses.
But in the meantime, if you want to experience a future in which remembering
dozens of passwords, or relying on a service to do it for you, is a thing of
the past, go turn on two-factor on the accounts that matter most.

_ **Update:** By purposefully revealing his Twitter password, Christopher Mims
invited hacking attempts, was hit by hundreds of login requests, and ended up
unwittingly disclosing his phone number. Here's [what he
learned](http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/07/15/commentary-what-i-learned-and-
what-you-should-know-after-i-published-my-twitter-password/)._

**Write to **Christopher Mims at [christopher.mims@wsj.com](mailto:christopher.mims@wsj.com)

  * 2 
  * 1372 
  *   *   *   * Save Article
  * [Sign In to Save](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fthe-password-is-finally-dying-heres-mine-1405298376)
  * [Subscribe to WSJ](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpheader)
  *   *   *   * Text Size
  * Regular
  * Medium
  * Large
  *   *   * Google+ 
  * LinkedIn 
  *   * Print

69 comments

 [ ![Livefyre](https://d3qdfnco3bamip.cloudfront.net/wjs/v3.0/images/lf-
logo.png)](http://livefyre.com)

  * [Get Livefyre](http://livefyre.com)
  * [FAQ](http://support.livefyre.com)

Sign in

\+ Follow

Post comment



Link

Newest | Oldest

![Doug Parr](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/958257286bf78cde4b4c98f9fe44a7e8/50.
jpg?v=1408119370)

Doug Parr user 5pts

Passwords and one time passwords are dead on arrival.  One need only read
about the most recent breach in Europe called Emmental.  Here is some pretty
good commentary on the subject:

<http://www.paymentssource.com/news/interchange/retiring-one-time-passwords-
for-good-3018573-1.html>

![Adam James](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/8b87569378c103e1b29ad34e0285b7ee/50
.jpg?v=1408119085)

Adam James user 5pts

With a little help from product like Hushio Key, people can easily deploy
strong password for every single account.

**[http://youtu.be/XTnkdoGusik**](https://mymail.sophos.net/owa/redir.aspx?C=NQMQMGQo1kK_wSwtQMaTrvIlz8qXeNEIud1aQTCKtFvulBpIELJzEJTphRc9TlypRwLC9AAEILk.&URL=http%3a%2f%2fyoutu.be%2fXTnkdoGusik)  

![Frederick Wrightson](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/3f6df860e0d1cf3f4eacc7ea44
a17ca6/50.jpg?v=1416424291)

Frederick Wrightson subscriber 5pts

For my company Netherlands ABN AMRO checking account, I have a little device
into which I insert my chip enabled ATM card. It then requests my PIN, after
which, it gives me a multi-digit numeric code, which I then enter into my
account online login. Works pretty well and gives a feeling of security.

![Sanjay Kumar](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/7fe8b7d1cb25b4cb22f2d660b095a1c6/
50.jpg?v=1408117523)

Sanjay Kumar subscriber 5pts

This guy is totally cluless! Have you ever wiped your phone without a
password? Does two factor authorization not use password ? Password
authentication is not dead it is just being supplemented,

![Charles Durkin](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/0c84454cc9d816004ee2cd95941696f
6/50.jpg?v=1416364596)

Charles Durkin subscriber 5pts

Multifactor authentication schemes have been around for years, but adoption
remains extremely limited. Why? The existing user name and password
authentication method is baked into virtually all online applications and
services. Shared secrets are the de facto standard for online identity. In
order to move to a more secure digital ecosystem, online service providers and
relying parties must agree to operate using similar standardized identity and
authentication schemes.

Years of government and private industry attempts to address the digital
identity problem have failed due to a misalignment of costs and incentives.
The market failure persists despite the clear need for a solution. This is not
an uncommon condition when matters of public safety are concerned.

The ideal solution would be a single digital identity standard that could be
used to access all online accounts. Unfortunately, such a standard will likely
require legislation, as the market cannot seem to produce one.

![Donald Johnson](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/2cc7fbba59c8a0c384c15a61bf18a15
e/50.jpg?v=1408118772)

Donald Johnson subscriber 5pts

"Be honest: Do you use a completely unique password for every single one of
your email addresses and bank websites?"

Yes, because password managers like KeePass help me with that. It's
unfortunate most websites limit the amount of characters in a password and
which characters are allowed.  I should be able to have spaces, all symbols,
etc. with virtually no limit on the password length, assuming the guy who is
coding the password box is a competent programmer.  

![Dom Fried](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/7db4127b948070cb4498d2c0a95
24309/50.jpg?v=1414535474)

Dom Fried subscriber 5pts

Not so fast. Your Android device can be hacked even if a text message is
received securely. Many of the apps on the app store are viruses. (Ever wonder
why a flashlight app needs full Internet access?)

  

The best thing is a physical device with no radio. Also very good is a piece
of paper well hidden in your home. The issue with the latter is that you
shouldn't take it out of your home. An example of the former is a YubiKey. I
would prefer a physical device like a YubiKey,  but without even a USB port,
just a display and a push button.

![JOHN OLSTAD](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/222f0b2a8c7e7304df3a028c6
204bc5d/50.jpg?v=1411097396)

JOHN OLSTAD subscriber 5pts

The password should be the digital  legal threshold of what is considered
private and requires a search warrant to access.

  

The changes may be the future but Google, Yahoo, and the other providers have
a patriotic responsibility to the Bill Of Rights to make sure what ever
changes they bring are protective of an American's Right to Privacy.

![Barnes Moore](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/5a8532cf6fe283e69d8929d603b8b2f7/
50.jpg?v=1415257132)

Barnes Moore subscriber 5pts

Another method used by some banks is sending a one time passcode to your
phone, or email thatexpires in a few minutes if not used. It's similar to the
rsa token except that you don't need the token..

![RON HARDIN](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/582cdbfacece02050291fc11a1c29424/50
.jpg?v=1410559344)

RON HARDIN user 5pts

RSA has long had keyring tokens that display a number that changes every
minute.  The place you use it for, usually where you work, knows what the
number is and asks you for it.

  

They'd accept the previous number or the next, and by what you report knows
whether your token is running slightly fast or slow, and keeps in sync with
it.

  

The battery runs out in a few years and you get another one before that.  

  

It would be easy to have a single thrid party authentication service to make
your device work for everybody who contracts with them.

  

The fact that banks don't use this long-available trick ought to be proof that
they're not serious about security.  

![Nancy Murphy](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/b30718ba0b7ea52848c7755f2d093095/
50.jpg?v=1408118993)

Nancy Murphy subscriber 5pts

We had this system in the UAE.  Trouble is that if you don't have your phone,
or if you are traveling to a location where your phone doesn't have a signal
or if the  then you are locked out of doing anything. And if you change phone
numbers or move before you tell the bank or credit card your new
number....then you are unable to get to your account.  The loop goes...you
will be sent a sms to your listed number...which no longer exists...they cant
change your registered number without first sending you a sms to your existing
registered number...

![cybercom systems](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/4445b60531afcdbe1c2499da3347d
bfe/50.jpg?v=1408116754)

cybercom systems subscriber 5pts

seriously? SMS for security? If this catches on the SMS system will be hacked
in short order, if it hasn't already. It was never designed to be secure.

A security token is a small device that creates a six-digit number to augment
your password each time you log in. This is a much more secure system:
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security_token>  

![Jillian Alexander](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/e1efe281c754b30c1b3865d5e634
0ee6/50.jpg?v=1417449360)

Jillian Alexander subscriber 5pts

Clever passwords can outwit clever children.

Using phone for authentication for all sites is opening up Pandora's Box. It
would be sooooo easy for a mischievous child to take dad's phone and reset
(i.e., remove) parental controls or access sites that are not age appropriate
or othewise costly. Also, phone profiles can be cloned ... so, its one more
device to be hacked and leveraged.

So, what to do ...

  

Clear cookies. Clear temporary internet files. Every time you close your
browser. Close your browser between searches and between each online activity.
(Added benefit -- you will get more relevant search results, too.)

  

Use several email addresses ... differentiate by use-type. Do not register the
most precious email addresses with retailers, marketing companies (i.e.,
Google, Yahoo!). Use one account for all retailers, media (i.e., WSJ.com),
other indirect communication; use one for business; and one for
friends/family. Your valued contacts won't get spammed when your account is
hacked.  

  

![David Ings](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/7f299a1ac39283bcc2e7f58169494929/50
.jpg?v=1417660898)

David Ings subscriber 5pts

Quote: Be honest: Do you use a completely unique password for every single one
of your email addresses and bank websites?

Uh, yes - by using the 1Password password manager. And given its popularity
and the popularity of similar programs, I would suggest the author needs to do
some more homework.  

![Terry Culkin](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/d15c6c0ffbc276bacd5b9062d8979de9/
50.jpg?v=1408118981)

Terry Culkin user 5pts

This should be put in the humor section.  Secure passwords are needed.  Two
factor authentication is great, of course if your phone works or have access
to it!

This Passwords Are Dead is similar to the 1990's when the people said Books
where dead with the invention of the World Wide Web!

Better security is great, but a secure password is what might save you.  Many
people who are being hacked are the major companies who have these security
measures!  Adobe, Target and many more have two factor authentication and
still were hacked!

It's more about being smart and not two factor.  Like not giving a password
out to the public and using a Secure easy to remember but hard to hack
password. I do not see every business owner in the world pricking their finger
to access their smart phone! Since our blood would be the next logical step.

![Binu Alex](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/15e244c369864b154486592b74f86671/50.
jpg?v=1408116297)

Binu Alex subscriber 5pts

Attention-getter title! Two Factor Authentication and Device based
authentication have been around for at least a decade. It is not a google
invention as all the green WSJ reporters make everything sound these days.
Anyone who is paying for a Wall Street Journal subscription is already using
these techniques knowingly or unknowingly at their workplace, and to access
most US banks and credit unions online.  Not the WSJ anymore that I used to
consider a perk at work.

![Mitchell Ross](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/e5c28e074634140af77e96c
db3c594a7/50.jpg?v=1408117777)

Mitchell Ross subscriber 5pts

Actually this can easily be three factor;

One: Phone unlocked by fingerprint (biometric)

Two: Which then has stored via Dashlane or similar app, a long random password
per site, and ...  

Three: Then a short time (measured in something like 30 seconds expiration)
next factor 6-10 character numeric string delivered to look like a phone
number (something we are familiar with) of 3 characters, 3 characters, 4
characters - thus easily copied from phone screen into authentication field.

I would suggest that last factor not be delivered automatically via BlueTooth
or similar PCN. Even though of short duration I like that gap between the
phone and the keyboard to be kept just that - a gap.  

  

I'm already using the above - with an iPhone 5s.  I just need more web sites
to use the so called second factor authentication. In my case, it's a third
factor.

  

![Jack Ritchie](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/126ff1f16b14659c88b80ebb
06bd47f2/50.jpg?v=1417997689)

Jack Ritchie subscriber 5pts

Using smart phones to replace passwords couldn't be a way to push smart phones
sales could it? Google doesn't really care if you have an android phone
anyway.   So I'm sure they're just interested in what's technically the best,
not because it makes them money.

  

  

![Patrick DesMarteau](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/372ce88ac3f5aab4252afd6b17c
0134f/50.jpg?v=1408117757)

Patrick DesMarteau subscriber 5pts

And what happens if the battery dies?

  

Also elevates the mistake of forgetting the phone on the charger from a little
annoying to a critical mistake.

![ADAM HENDRICKS](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/f14caa34806b19c18af519
e7e2faf1f8/50.jpg?v=1416797325)

ADAM HENDRICKS subscriber 5pts

1f y0u w@nt t0 h3v3 str0ng p@55w0rd5 th@t y0u w0n't 3@s1ly f0rg3t, th3n y0u
n33d t0 w0rk w1th @ d1ff3r3nt @lph@b3t th@t w1ll b3 d1ff1cult to m1m1c @nd
p3s0n@l s@y1ngs 0r mn3m0n1cs un1que to y0u.

![Richard Butler](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/b80a3698e4cde269f1853925f134cd9
4/50.jpg?v=1409702854)

Richard Butler subscriber 5pts

The odds are MUCH greater that your password will be obtained from the
organizations that store this information on the cloud rather than from
yourself.

  

This anxiety is waaaaay overblown.  Who cares if someone obtains your password
for site XYZ.  They don't necessarily know where you bank or invest and those
are the sites where security really matters.

  

Common sense precautions and not putting all of your log-in eggs in one basket
will usually do the trick.

![Chris Wade](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/aeceea67c9860a127f488882c4c87c05/50
.jpg?v=1408118986)

Chris Wade user 5pts

YES! I use a unique password for everything!

Banks, email, social media, everything.

![Ignatius D'Anna](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/cb365412457ba3756508e62e51a2a4
00/50.jpg?v=1408117754)

Ignatius D'Anna subscriber 5pts

Been using Google's 2-factor authentication for yrs.  Works great.  Can even
bypass if by telling Google to trust certain devices, which expires
periodically requiring the trust to be reset.

  

However, when using other web sites that rely on an email with sending a code
it get annoying quick.  They are slow.

  

Only way I'm convinced the smartphone will be successful as part of the
2-factor authentication is if a device would scan your smartphone each time
requesting a manual entry from the owner of the web site account owner holding
the smartphone device in hand at the moment it is scanned.  I don't see this
happening, so 2-factor authentication using a device is worthless.  It can be
hacked as all it relies on software.  All software can be hacked.

  

![Loren Thacker](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/f126f6532d98a33ac8f6ceec890e73f0
/50.jpg?v=1408116430)

Loren Thacker subscriber 5pts

“Passwords are a uniquely terrible kind of single-factor authentication, in
which the one factor identifying you as you is the password itself. If you've
heard that longer, more complicated passwords are better than short ones,
that's only a little bit true. That is because, on account of our limited
memories, almost all of us re-use passwords across multiple accounts. … Be
honest: Do you use a completely unique password for every single one of your
email addresses and bank websites? Most of you just answered "no"—which means
most of you are vulnerable.”  I use long (15+ characters) and complex (upper-
and lower-case, numerals, and special characters) passwords for all of my
logins AND I never use the same one twice (they are all unique).  In fact, I
don’t know a single password in my head, except for the password account
manager (I manage all of my passwords with a password manager).  I also use
two-factor authentication for all critical accounts.  

![Thomas Norian](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/1950cbe0506615cb750c8e92f8384fa6
/50.jpg?v=1415375493)

Thomas Norian subscriber 5pts

I'd prefer a third party that pledges no interest in data mining and where
gathing information about me is not  a part of their business model.  A bank
or credit burea has at least regulations against sharing your personal
information.  They could verify that you are a real person and give the end
service that verification without needing to give any personal information
about you.

  

I certainly don't want to be logged into Google or Twitter or Facebook to
participate in discussions or to make sundry purchases... always.  At times
I'm forced into disclosing my information but too often the third parties want
access to your friends list or ask for it in a way that is easy to click.

  

Using my real name here at the WSJ feels reasonably consistent with "letters
to editor" format .  It sends us a clear message that this is not discussion
forum to explore odd thoughts.. Importantly, I am not asked or cajoled into
sharing my lists of contacts and other online behavior with the WSJ.

![Jim Ruiz](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/9759726e84c20df2ec3b46e4fc2a48f8/50.j
pg?v=1415200661)

Jim Ruiz user 5pts

How ironic that "device-based authentication" works the same way as a key
chain of keys.

  

A key chain of keys is "device-based authentication" too!

  

Too funny.  The more things change, the more they stay the same.  

![Peter Von Nessi](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/7725fc29b103b22e9346d
5d8902d5eee/50.jpg?v=1416702624)

Peter Von Nessi subscriber 5pts

Did I miss something here? The article explains new secure access technology
to access your personal online accounts, but what prevents hackers from going
after the sites you are accessing like Twitter, Facebook, etc.? They are
potentially more lucrative and challenging than one's single account unless it
was Warren Buffet's bank account.

How many security breeches of major sites go unreported because the hackers
are able to cover their tracks in getting in and out, in other words, "the
perfect crime"?

![WILLIAM ROYCE](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/64de20a59253a3f02694ffc6ea31c632
/50.jpg?v=1408116097)

WILLIAM ROYCE subscriber 5pts

I have been using 2 factor with gmail and it works well.  It is only needed
when you (or a hacker) try to log in to your email from another ip address,
such as when you are traveling.  They also provide a short list of passwords
you can use if you are not in cell phone range - you keep that list handy and
each one can only be used once.  While others have been hacked on hotmail
several times, I have not, so it is at the very least a big improvement.  I
still don't trust mobile access to sensitive financial accounts, however.

![Kirth Gersen](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/d715691d836dd70efdd242d0
39e52d74/50.jpg?v=1418014009)

Kirth Gersen subscriber 5pts

2-factor pswds for anything other than possibly bank accounts, is impractical.

You want to wait for a text msg every time you want to read WSJ online?

  

"wiping clean" a lost or stolen phone, probably requires  a pswd login at
Apple's website ... are you going to make_that_  pswd be same as your name or
'1234' ?!

  

![Ashley Wilson](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/5eeef350ca8b169ab82b336f3e05df92
/50.jpg?v=1408118983)

Ashley Wilson user 5pts

   Like many other communication methods, when it comes to compromising SMS
messages it makes the most sense to go after the endpoint- specifically your
phone.  That being said, the network (NOT impossibly difficult to hack) was
shown to have some weaknesses that allow the harvesting SMS data, which is not
even encrypted in transmission:
<https://www.defcon.org/images/defcon-21/dc-21-presentations/DePerry-
Ritter/DEFCON-21-DePerry-Ritter-Femtocell-Updated.pdf>

   Consider that there are apps on your phone (Android in particular) that
want to access and manage your text messages, further broadening your attack
surface for malicious apps, through malice or poor quality code (who is
auditing this stuff anyway?) you may have a weak device that could ship your
texts off to someone else.

  

     Can you log into your AT&T;/Verizon/T-Mobile account and send/receive
text messages from the web?  Using the Motorola Connect app for Chrome?  SMS,
then is not device-specific authentication.

  

     Just using SMS as a second factor for authentication is not enough- you
still need to be smart about using strong passwords and securing your phone,
and thinking about how many methods there are for accessing your SMS messages,
whether through the convenience of your provider's web portal or other matters
of convenience that may put your data at risk.

  

Sorry, there is no substitute for being pragmatic.

![Louis T Klauder](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/276a8aa1b53d4b9a35899
f8f640586a1/50.jpg?v=1416428647)

Louis T Klauder subscriber 5pts

keepass is another freely downloadable application that makes it easy to have
a separate password for every online account. ('easy' assuming you are
comfortable with PC conventions).

![John Seiferth](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/6a1e91abd99d29976a2c182e31f10223
/50.jpg?v=1405348938)

John Seiferth profilePrivateuser 5pts

"...with a PIN code or even a fingerprint sensor." "...the thing you know is
your PIN number..." "...almost impossibly difficult to hack".

  

Are you seriously a writer for The Wall Street Journal?

  

You realize the acronym "PIN" stands for Personal Identification Number, don't
you? Thus "Personal Identification Number code" and "Personal Identification
Number number?" Is that what you meant to say?

  

Also, can something be "somewhat impossibly difficult to hack?" I think you
were going for "...almost impossible to hack" or "...extremely difficult to
hack."

  

Who is your editor?

![Patrick Price](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/e61e810f5731cd1d413a65affd0ee9de
/50.jpg?v=1408118981)

Patrick Price subscriber 5pts

Good article, just want to point out that pretty much any modern Android
phones (running Ice Cream Sandwich or higher) can be remotely tracked, locked,
and wiped through Android Device Manager. I see another user has pointed out
the same for Windows phones.

![JAMES JENNINGS](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/37d608775b08076d3c857e
e82fa54043/50.jpg?v=1417281125)

JAMES JENNINGS subscriber 5pts

Passwords are unnecessary for the majority of free websites. Many of these do
not use passwords at all. Those that do are probably mining data that they
sell to advertisers.

  

I use Roboform as my password dababase. I have over 400 passwords; there may
be a few duplicates from before the time I subscribed to Roboform, but none
since. It generates passwords and fills in the registration form. Roboform is
on a toolbar; all I have to do is click on the name or abbreviation of the
site there and I am automatically logged in.

  

I would not like to have to keep my cellphone with me at all times. They are a
nuisance, albeit necessary; I misplace it often and cannot find it until
someone calls. I hope someone would come up with a reasonably-priced masculine
looking purse. I use a small camera bag instead.  

![William Ledsham](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/1c58e78e4acbb752cc4ce
39695eaee9b/50.jpg?v=1418010101)

William Ledsham subscriber 5pts

Locks only keep honest people out. Obviously, you can slow people down, but
you will never stop them.  

![J Valentine](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/e7e289be33c9beeec57cdba86dcb3418/5
0.jpg?v=1416855707)

J Valentine subscriber 5pts

I recall as a kid when they started to install door locks on cars and everyone
said, now nobody will be able to break into your car...then 20-30  years they
invented the wireless key fob that was going to eliminate all auto theft...and
then they invented the microchip in the key fob that was required to start the
car, which was the end-all solution.

  

Have we stopped auto theft?  Since the dawn of time, every time someone comes
up with a way to stop thieves, they get smarter.  I'd be very careful about
concluding device-based or two-factor authentication is going to be the
panacea to forever ending digitally-based theft.  

![Pamela Smith](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/61f8f8c0ad01393827be7930adedd6a0/
50.jpg?v=1408115850)

Pamela Smith subscriber 5pts

most don't need passwords ! stupid to have passwords ! just something else to
forget !  

![Alan Willcox](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/2cd4b81748265b8ccfdedd05
ae770dcd/50.jpg?v=1417787945)

Alan Willcox subscriber 5pts

That remote-lock/wipe stuff also works for Windows Phone.

And for those of you mocking the writer's Twitter password, could it be that
he changed it before publishing this article? Maybe the point is that it's
pathetic.

![Robert Boni](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/46832a845937b89466f620ffd
5511282/50.jpg?v=1417613366)

Robert Boni subscriber 5pts

How about DNA authentication?

![Daniel Morgan](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/a6cabfef2e46ec6360087ecd0a797066
/50.jpg?v=1408116499)

Daniel Morgan subscriber 5pts

What kind of idiot would use their name as their password?

![Gareth Andrews](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/f9310f9377f43d8e4b88fb
dda0bd1693/50.jpg?v=1408116839)

Gareth Andrews subscriber 5pts

Gotta love the Edwardian certainty behind the writer's thinking.  It's
entertaining, at least.  He seems to think we've come to an impenetrable way
of maintaining security.

  

Seriously?  

![Dom Fried](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/7db4127b948070cb4498d2c0a95
24309/50.jpg?v=1414535474)

Dom Fried subscriber 5pts

[@Barnes Moore](http://online.wsj.com/user/profile/public/7ba27803-7562-4987-8
d25-acf0260ac753)

  

Bank of America provides a card like a credit card that displays a number when
you press a spot. Might be an LFSR or some such thing.

![Thomas Van Susteren](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/d8768c931edefed6de77a9d1e8
b4857b/50.jpg?v=1417625435)

Thomas Van Susteren user 5pts

[@Jillian Alexander](http://online.wsj.com/user/profile/public/JSAlex000) Hey!
Thanks!  Really helpful advice and most of it really just comes down to
"housekeeping" doesn't it?  Isn't this a lot like the inbox clutter?  Manage
your inbox and don't keep it as storage or a calendar.  I am going to be more
fastidious about "putting away my toys" when I shut down my computer.

![Kirth Gersen](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/d715691d836dd70efdd242d0
39e52d74/50.jpg?v=1418014009)

Kirth Gersen subscriber 5pts

[@Mitchell Ross](http://online.wsj.com/user/profile/public/fbc958e4-6f7c-
4d8f-9152-16b428957c5c)

BIG hassle just to access a pswd protected website (WSJ, Amazon, etc).

  

Or you could just start using a password manager app (phone , PC, or mac),
like Keepass.

  

Much easier ...  

![Jack Ritchie](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/126ff1f16b14659c88b80ebb
06bd47f2/50.jpg?v=1417997689)

Jack Ritchie subscriber 5pts

[@Patrick DesMarteau](http://online.wsj.com/user/profile/public/0ca55561-4669-
46d4-a555-715156747625) Or the TSA confiscates it,after the battery dies.

  

![Kevin Sharpe](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/989de0ab1e998ee74c0da55a18b950f6/
50.jpg?v=1417473059)

Kevin Sharpe subscriberprofilePrivate 5pts

[@Ignatius D'Anna](http://online.wsj.com/user/profile/public/MEDIMMUNE_DAnnaI)

Ignatius, you would probably enjoy listening to Steve Gibson talk about an
authentication method he is developing.  The web page is:
<https://www.grc.com/sqrl/sqrl.htm>.

  

And, he talks about it in many podcasts on This Week in Tech's Security Now
podcast.  "<http://twit.tv/sn>"

  

Strong, best-practice crypto is his goal, to make it public domain not
proprietary, and not not rely on a central certificate authority.

![David Johnston](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/e150188a52a0e8b00d8649e0128ad7d
9/50.jpg?v=1408116704)

David Johnston subscriber 5pts

[@Kirth Gersen](http://online.wsj.com/user/profile/public/d2dba6eb-
7a00-4b1f-a743-e37e5f37b957) the account/billing section of the WSJ should be
2-factor but not the main site. It isn't an all-or-nothing proposition.

  

And yes, there are some sites/passwords that you likely will need to make more
un-guessable than others.  Though, even then critical accounts should be able
to be offline authenticated - you know, where you actually talk to a person.

  

  

![GREGORY WOJAK](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/459d2a9612c5967b451025a04826f498
/50.jpg?v=1417311911)

GREGORY WOJAK subscriber 5pts

[@J Valentine](http://online.wsj.com/user/profile/public/jelarv)

Unfortunately the best way to deter theft is not to have the 'ultimate
solution', but to have a better system than most everyone else. Thieves like
easy targets and tend to avoid difficult ones. It's like the quote about
hikers escaping from a hungry bear. You don't have to be able to outrun the
bear, just the slowest hiker.

![Thomas Norian](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/1950cbe0506615cb750c8e92f8384fa6
/50.jpg?v=1415375493)

Thomas Norian subscriber 5pts

@David Johnston @Kirth Gersen David, your point is important.  Sites like your
email addresses that are used to reset other passwords are very important.
Tools that allow us to make it more difficult for third parties to access some
others are important and ultimately the choice in the matter should be left to
the individual.

  

I might add that there already exists a type of two part identification from
many services.  I've encountered many password protected places with highly
sensitive or easily transferred assets accessed that recognize the device you
are accessing them from and force you to answer additional questions or return
and SMS only if they see access from a computer or phone that they have not
seen before.  That is the "in-between" already in place.

![Kevin Sharpe](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/989de0ab1e998ee74c0da55a18b950f6/
50.jpg?v=1417473059)

Kevin Sharpe subscriberprofilePrivate 5pts

[@Thomas Norian](http://online.wsj.com/user/profile/public/STF)

  

If you read this article, and are interested enough to make a comment, you
probably would enjoy reading about what happened to these three people:

Naoki Hiroshima

Josh Bryant

Mat Honan

  

Evan Hahn maintains a good list of companies that offer two-factor
authentication:

<http://evanhahn.com/2fa/>  

Show More Archives

Advertisement

####  Popular on WSJ

## Popular on WSJ

## Articles

  * [ ![Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI378_lego07_C_20150710174036.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

####  [Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-
tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

  * [ ![Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI676_GDEAL0_C_20150712194624.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

####  [Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-
ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

  * [ ![The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/RV-AQ661_FLAG_C_20150710164224.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

####  [The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

  * [ ![The Unaffordable Care Act](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI407_1costs_C_20150710184608.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

####  [Opinion: The Unaffordable Care Act](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-
unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

  * [ ![Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI645_KEYWOR_C_20150712171933.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

####  [Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future
Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-
greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

## Videos

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

#### [Mexican Drug Lord ‘El Chapo’ Guzmán Escapes](http://www.wsj.com/video
/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title
/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

#### [Djokovic Beats Federer to Win Wimbledon Title](http://www.wsj.com/video
/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-
83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

#### [Time-Lapse: Jaguar Lightweight E-Type Sports
Car](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv2_167x
94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv
2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-mastectomy-rebellion
/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

#### [The Double Mastectomy Rebellion](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-
mastectomy-rebellion/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-
9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/070915finnishbaseba
ll2_167x94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/07091
5finnishbaseball2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/inside-pesaepallo-
finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

#### [Inside Pesäpallo, Finland's Answer to Baseball](http://www.wsj.com/video
/inside-pesaepallo-finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

####  Editors' Picks

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI751_0713Ts_D_20150713043911.jpg)

#### Europe Economy

###

[Eurozone Reaches Deal on Greece

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/eurozone-leaders-reach-unanimous-agreement-on-
greece-says-eus-tusk-1436771076?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_0)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF096_201507_D_20150713011254.jpg)

#### Stocks

###

[China Rally Gains Steam

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/asian-shares-mostly-up-on-hopes-for-
greece-1436749790?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_1)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF095_201507_D_20150712221605.jpg)

#### Markets

###

[Debt Load Digs Into Mining Industry

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/debt-load-digs-into-mining-
industry-1436729641?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_2)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI487_cgraft_D_20150712052101.jpg)

#### China

###

[Graft Probe Targets Vice President of China’s Highest Court

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/graft-probe-targets-vice-president-of-chinas-
highest-court-1436693940?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_3)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BT-AD028_NINTEN_D_20150712224557.jpg)

####  Obituary | 1959-2015

###

[Nintendo President Satoru Iwata Dies of Cancer

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/nintendo-president-satoru-iwata-dies-of-
cancer-1436747352?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_4)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI497_0712ir_D_20150712100301.jpg)

#### Middle East

###

[Europeans Press for Iran Deal Monday

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-warns-major-issues-remain-in-iran-
talks-1436712760?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_5)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI588_0712sm_D_20150712153525.jpg)

#### Tech

###

[Apple’s Share of Smartphone Industry’s Profits Soars to 92%

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/apples-share-of-smartphone-industrys-profits-
soars-to-92-1436727458?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_6)

  * [

![](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150713/071315greece/071315greece_512x288.jpg)

PLAY ](http://www.wsj.com/video/eurozone-leaders-reach-deal-on-
greece/E62B0376-E514-4BC2-BC56-7E4E8657EC63.html)

#### World

### [

Eurozone Leaders Reach Deal on Greece

](http://www.wsj.com/video/eurozone-leaders-reach-deal-on-
greece/E62B0376-E514-4BC2-BC56-7E4E8657EC63.html)

* [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/)
* Asia Edition

  * [U.S.](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Asia](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Europe](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [India](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [America Latina](http://lat.wsj.com)
  * [Brasil](http://br.wsj.com)
  * 中国[ (China)](http://cn.wsj.com/gb/index.asp)
  * 日本[ (Japan)](http://jp.wsj.com/)
  * 한국[ (Korea)](http://kr.wsj.com/)

Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India America Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) 한국
(Korea)

Text Size: Small Medium Large

[Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)[Sign In](https://id.wsj.co
m/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%
2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fthe-password-is-finally-dying-heres-
mine-1405298376)

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Legal Policies](http://www.wsj.com/policy/legal-policies)

* * [Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)
* [Sign In](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fthe-password-is-finally-dying-heres-mine-1405298376)
* TOP«

* Subscribe

* [Why Subscribe?](http://subscription.wsj.com/)
* [WSJ+](http://www.wsjplus.com/)
* [Corporate Subscriptions](http://subscription.wsj.com/corporate/)
* [Apps](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/designtech-wsjModuleHome.html)
* [Professor Journal](http://professor.wsj.com/)
* [Student Journal](http://wsjstudent.com/)
* Customer Service

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Live Help](https://customercenter.wsj.com/livechat/chat?product=WSJ)
* [Redesign Guided Tour](http://www.wsj.com/guidedtour/)
* Tools & Features

* [Emails & Alerts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/email-setup.html)
* [Guides](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/guides.html)
* [My News](http://www.wsj.com/user/mynews/pages/reader)
* [Portfolio](http://portfolio.wsj.com)
* [RSS Feeds](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/rss_news_and_feeds.html)
* [Topics](http://topics.wsj.com)
* [Video Center](http://www.wsj.com/video)
* [Watchlist](http://www.wsj.com/user/personalization/watchlist)
* Ads

* [Advertise](http://www.wsjmediakit.com)
* [Advertise Locally](http://www.wsjlocal.com)
* [Commercial Real Estate Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Commercial-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Place a Classified Ad](http://classifieds.wsj.com)
* [Sell Your Business](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Business-For-Sale-Ads)
* [Sell Your Home](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Residential-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Recruitment & Career Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Job-Ads)
* More

* [Content Partnerships](http://wsj.com/partner)
* [Corrections](http://www.wsj.com/news/column/Corrections)
* [Jobs at WSJ](http://www.dowjones.com/careers.asp)
* [Make Time](http://www.wsj.com/maketime)
* [News Archive](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/archive.html)
* [Register for Free](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/register_standalone.html)
* [Reprints](http://www.djreprints.com)

  * [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/wsj)
  * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/WSJ)
  * [Google+](https://plus.google.com/117720626238470886461/posts)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-wall-street-journal)
  * [YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/user/WSJDigitalNetwork)
  * [Podcasts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/podcast.html)
  * [GooglePlay](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wsj.reader_sp)
  * [AppStore](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-wall-street-journal./id364387007?mt=8)

* Dow Jones Products
* [Barron's](http://online.barrons.com/home-page)
* [BigCharts](http://bigcharts.marketwatch.com)
* [DJX](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/wsj-x-marketing.html)
* [Dow Jones Newswires](http://new.dowjones.com/products/dj-news)
* [Factiva](https://global.factiva.com/factivalogin/login.asp?productname=global)
* [Financial News](http://www.efinancialnews.com)
* [Mansion Global](http://mansionglobal.com)
* [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com)
* [Private Markets](http://pevc.dowjones.com)
* [realtor.com](http://www.realtor.com)
* [Risk & Compliance](https://djlogin.dowjones.com/login.asp?productname=rnc)
* [WSJ Conference](http://www.wsj.com/conferences)
* [WSJ Video](http://live.wsj.com)
* [WSJ Wine](http://www.wsjwine.com)

* [Privacy Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/privacy-policy)
* [Cookie Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy)
* [Copyright Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/copyright-policy)
* [Data Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/data-policy)
* [Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use](http://www.wsj.com/policy/subscriber-agreement)
* [Your Ad Choices](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy#cookies_advertising)
* Copyright (C)2015 [Dow Jones & Company](http://www.dowjones.com), Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Copyright 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved

This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use
of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright
law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow
Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Updated July 13, 2014 8:14 p.m. ET

LAS VEGAS—The Knicks and new team president Phil Jackson entered free agency
this summer with one main priority: re-sign star forward Carmelo Anthony.

The organization accomplished that task Sunday, as Anthony announced that he'd
be returning to New York.

The specifics of Anthony's new deal weren't released by the team. But Jackson,
who had publicly implored Anthony to take less than a maximum contract to help
with salary-cap...

Updated July 13, 2014 8:23 p.m. ET

2 COMMENTS

_Rio de Janeiro_

I covered the demolition of Spain. I witnessed the humiliation of Brazil. I
saw the Luiz Suarez bite, the Arjen Robben dive, The James Rodriguez "giant
insect" incident, The Miguel Herrera celebration, the Tim Howard 16-save game
and the moment Neymar had his back broken. During the 2014 World Cup, I only
attended 12 games. But for some reason, every one of them went bonkers.

What's strange about being at a match in these kinds of moments is that the
depth of the madness you've witnessed doesn't hit you right away. You remember
the noise. You feel brief disorientation, followed by a short pause before
your synapses begin to fire and connect.

You always remember the things people say around you. "Did he just bite him?"
someone asked after Uruguay's Luis Suárez crashed into Italy defender Giorgio
Chiellini.

[ ![](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-
AB604_WORLDC_D_20140609150352.jpg) ENLARGE  ](http://www.wsj.com/worldcup)

[ ![](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-
DL891_0629ga_D_20140629132451.jpg)
](/news/articles/SB10001424052702303473204580021181533084048)

See the best photos from the World Cup. REUTERS

  * ** [World Cup Final: Best Team vs. Best Player](http://online.wsj.com/articles/the-world-cup-final-the-best-team-vs-the-best-player-1405115575) **
  * ** [Three Ways of Watching the World Cup Final](http://online.wsj.com/articles/three-ways-of-watching-the-world-cup-final-1405039492) **
  * ** [Over $500 Million Later, Brazil's Maracanã Is Still Cursed](http://online.wsj.com/articles/the-legacy-of-the-iconic-maracana-will-likely-be-tied-to-its-high-cost-and-to-what-could-have-been-1405116704) **

During the Massacre of the Mineirao, Brazil's 7-1 dismantling by the Germans,
one colleague couldn't believe that soccer could allow this to happen. With
every goal, he asked, "Does that one count?"

My 12 matches account for only 18.75% of the contests at this World Cup. But I
somehow saw 44 goals, which is 25.7% of the tournament's total. Part of the
reason for this is the wide-open attacking style of play we've seen in Brazil.
And part of it must be something they put in the water in the city of
Salvador. In four games at the Arena Fonte Nova, I saw 20 goals.

I can't say I was disappointed by the offensive fireworks. _Merci Les Bleus
_for demolishing Switzerland. _Dank u Oranje _for lighting up Spain. And
Germany—for what I watched you do to Portugal and Brazil, I can only say I'm
glad you were gentle with the U.S.

In addition to these scoring deluges, I was also treated to extraordinary
shot-stopping performances by goalkeepers. I didn't think anyone could do a
better impersonation of a ball-sucking magnet than Guillermo Ochoa during
Mexico's 0-0 victory against Brazil—it was definitely a victory. Except then I
saw Tim Howard against Belgium. With every surefire Belgian attack, he dug out
another save, and followed it by howling at his defenders.

![U.S. goalkeeper Tim Howard makes a save against
Belgium.](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/MK-
CN793_CRAZIN_P_20140713181236.jpg) ENLARGE

U.S. goalkeeper Tim Howard makes a save against Belgium. Associated Press

The U.S. lost that Howard game, of course. But the goalkeeper still emerged as
a hero. If that's not a sign that Americans are finally getting this sport,
then I don't know what is.

The strangest game of all is one that I nearly missed.

After scrambling to get on a flight from Recife to Natal, which turned out to
be a rocky little turboprop plane, I hopped into a cab at the airport 90
minutes before kickoff. The driver, roughly 12 years old, knew I had to make
it. He pulled on a couple of special driving sleeves (so he wouldn't get
sunburn?) and floored it. He went close to 100 miles an hour for as long as he
could without slipping into lanes of oncoming trucks. And once we hit traffic
in Natal's steamy downtown, the cowboy at the wheel started running red
lights. But he got me there, with 30 minutes to spare.

All I could think was, "Please let this game be a quiet one! Couple of early
goals, no controversy…."

For 80 minutes, that's what I got. It stayed 0-0. Then Suarez bit someone.

_Get me a rewrite!_

From the media section of a soccer stadium, you miss the little details. So
you have to discover them on a television screen like everybody else. I never
saw the bite marks on Chiellini up close, even as the Italian tugged at his
jersey to show them to the referee. I never saw Germany coach Jogi Löw pick
his nose. And from way up in the press seats, I never saw the Japanese-horror-
movie insect perched on the arm of Colombia's James Rodriguez after he scored
a goal. I was far more worried about the egg-sized moth sitting quietly on the
back of the guy sitting next to me. (He never noticed it and I wasn't about to
anger that beast.)

Another thing you learn is to appreciate the difficulty of real-time
refereeing in a World Cup game. The tackle on Neymar that turned Juan Camilo
Zuniga into Brazil's Public Enemy No. 1 didn't look like a vertebra-crunching
knee to the back. Even as Neymar went off on a stretcher, there was no sense
around the stadium that his tournament was done. Everyone was far more
preoccupied by Brazil hanging onto its slender lead.

If there's anything that all soccer writers hate, regardless of nationality,
it's a late goal. I'm looking at you guys, Wesley Sneijder and Klaas Jan
Huntelaar, or as I like to call you: the human "delete" keys. They both scored
in the final six minutes to overcome a 1-0 deficit against Mexico in the round
of 16. The Dutch were fun to watch at this tournament, but I'm not cool with
those guys yet.

I suppose it goes without saying that I was also present for Croatia vs.
Mexico. You know—the game in which Mexico's coach, Miguel Herrera, celebrated
the win by maniacally tackling people.

The games aren't the only thing about this World Cup that was disorienting.
Around two weeks ago in the airport in Recife, I actually lost track of where
I was. Staring at an "arrivals" board full of Brazilian city names, I was sure
I could have flown in from pretty much any of them just 15 minutes before.
Salvador? Maybe. Belem? That was an airport I'd seen. Natal? Yeah, maybe
Natal. It was only when I overheard someone say the word Fortaleza that it
clicked. Fortaleza, that's where I was!

Because this tournament was spread out between 12 cities in this enormous
nation, I had to make 19 flights (and one seven-hour bus ride). In retrospect,
it was insanity. No one should fly that much without earning an airline
salary.

![This tackle by Juan Camilo Zuniga of Colombia resulted in a World Cup-ending
injury to Brazil's Neymar.](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-
DO305_0706ne_P_20140706103349.jpg) ENLARGE

This tackle by Juan Camilo Zuniga of Colombia resulted in a World Cup-ending
injury to Brazil's Neymar. Getty Images

But all of this set me up to see nearly every lunatic moment of this
tournament. For that I'm incredibly grateful.

And that was before I went to the final, all 120 manic minutes of it.

**Write to **Joshua Robinson at [joshua.robinson@wsj.com](mailto:joshua.robinson@wsj.com)

  *   *   *   *   *   * Save Article
  * [Sign In to Save](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fthe-craziness-of-the-world-cup-2014-1405266114)
  * [Subscribe to WSJ](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpheader)
  *   *   *   * Text Size
  * Regular
  * Medium
  * Large
  *   *   * Google+ 
  * LinkedIn 
  *   * Print

2 comments

 [ ![Livefyre](https://d3qdfnco3bamip.cloudfront.net/wjs/v3.0/images/lf-
logo.png)](http://livefyre.com)

  * [Get Livefyre](http://livefyre.com)
  * [FAQ](http://support.livefyre.com)

Sign in

\+ Follow

Post comment



Link

Newest | Oldest

![Paul Grunwald](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/72a59e87e068e9e06dbe849
493a6dd8b/50.jpg?v=1417966349)

Paul Grunwald subscriber 5pts

We need to put Tim Howard on the US Mexican border!

![Alessandro Riolo](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/95a2a6cea1681c4ca580ee4c9028d
033/50.jpg?v=1408118979)

Alessandro Riolo user 5pts

Joshua unfortunately those days airline salaries are generally much lower than
WSJ journalist salaries ;)

Show More Archives

Advertisement

####  Popular on WSJ

## Popular on WSJ

## Articles

  * [ ![Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI378_lego07_C_20150710174036.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

####  [Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-
tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

  * [ ![Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI676_GDEAL0_C_20150712194624.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

####  [Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-
ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

  * [ ![The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/RV-AQ661_FLAG_C_20150710164224.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

####  [The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

  * [ ![The Unaffordable Care Act](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI407_1costs_C_20150710184608.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

####  [Opinion: The Unaffordable Care Act](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-
unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

  * [ ![Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI645_KEYWOR_C_20150712171933.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

####  [Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future
Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-
greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

## Videos

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

#### [Mexican Drug Lord ‘El Chapo’ Guzmán Escapes](http://www.wsj.com/video
/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title
/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

#### [Djokovic Beats Federer to Win Wimbledon Title](http://www.wsj.com/video
/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-
83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

#### [Time-Lapse: Jaguar Lightweight E-Type Sports
Car](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv2_167x
94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv
2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-mastectomy-rebellion
/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

#### [The Double Mastectomy Rebellion](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-
mastectomy-rebellion/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-
9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/070915finnishbaseba
ll2_167x94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/07091
5finnishbaseball2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/inside-pesaepallo-
finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

#### [Inside Pesäpallo, Finland's Answer to Baseball](http://www.wsj.com/video
/inside-pesaepallo-finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

####  Editors' Picks

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI751_0713Ts_D_20150713043911.jpg)

#### Europe Economy

###

[Eurozone Reaches Deal on Greece

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/eurozone-leaders-reach-unanimous-agreement-on-
greece-says-eus-tusk-1436771076?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_0)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF096_201507_D_20150713011254.jpg)

#### Stocks

###

[China Rally Gains Steam

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/asian-shares-mostly-up-on-hopes-for-
greece-1436749790?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_1)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF095_201507_D_20150712221605.jpg)

#### Markets

###

[Debt Load Digs Into Mining Industry

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/debt-load-digs-into-mining-
industry-1436729641?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_2)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI487_cgraft_D_20150712052101.jpg)

#### China

###

[Graft Probe Targets Vice President of China’s Highest Court

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/graft-probe-targets-vice-president-of-chinas-
highest-court-1436693940?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_3)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BT-AD028_NINTEN_D_20150712224557.jpg)

####  Obituary | 1959-2015

###

[Nintendo President Satoru Iwata Dies of Cancer

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/nintendo-president-satoru-iwata-dies-of-
cancer-1436747352?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_4)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI497_0712ir_D_20150712100301.jpg)

#### Middle East

###

[Europeans Press for Iran Deal Monday

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-warns-major-issues-remain-in-iran-
talks-1436712760?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_5)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI588_0712sm_D_20150712153525.jpg)

#### Tech

###

[Apple’s Share of Smartphone Industry’s Profits Soars to 92%

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/apples-share-of-smartphone-industrys-profits-
soars-to-92-1436727458?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_6)

  * [

![](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150713/071315greece/071315greece_512x288.jpg)

PLAY ](http://www.wsj.com/video/eurozone-leaders-reach-deal-on-
greece/E62B0376-E514-4BC2-BC56-7E4E8657EC63.html)

#### World

### [

Eurozone Leaders Reach Deal on Greece

](http://www.wsj.com/video/eurozone-leaders-reach-deal-on-
greece/E62B0376-E514-4BC2-BC56-7E4E8657EC63.html)

* [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/)
* Asia Edition

  * [U.S.](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Asia](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Europe](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [India](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [America Latina](http://lat.wsj.com)
  * [Brasil](http://br.wsj.com)
  * 中国[ (China)](http://cn.wsj.com/gb/index.asp)
  * 日本[ (Japan)](http://jp.wsj.com/)
  * 한국[ (Korea)](http://kr.wsj.com/)

Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India America Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) 한국
(Korea)

Text Size: Small Medium Large

[Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)[Sign In](https://id.wsj.co
m/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%
2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fthe-craziness-of-the-world-cup-2014-1405266114)

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Legal Policies](http://www.wsj.com/policy/legal-policies)

* * [Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)
* [Sign In](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fthe-craziness-of-the-world-cup-2014-1405266114)
* TOP«

* Subscribe

* [Why Subscribe?](http://subscription.wsj.com/)
* [WSJ+](http://www.wsjplus.com/)
* [Corporate Subscriptions](http://subscription.wsj.com/corporate/)
* [Apps](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/designtech-wsjModuleHome.html)
* [Professor Journal](http://professor.wsj.com/)
* [Student Journal](http://wsjstudent.com/)
* Customer Service

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Live Help](https://customercenter.wsj.com/livechat/chat?product=WSJ)
* [Redesign Guided Tour](http://www.wsj.com/guidedtour/)
* Tools & Features

* [Emails & Alerts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/email-setup.html)
* [Guides](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/guides.html)
* [My News](http://www.wsj.com/user/mynews/pages/reader)
* [Portfolio](http://portfolio.wsj.com)
* [RSS Feeds](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/rss_news_and_feeds.html)
* [Topics](http://topics.wsj.com)
* [Video Center](http://www.wsj.com/video)
* [Watchlist](http://www.wsj.com/user/personalization/watchlist)
* Ads

* [Advertise](http://www.wsjmediakit.com)
* [Advertise Locally](http://www.wsjlocal.com)
* [Commercial Real Estate Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Commercial-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Place a Classified Ad](http://classifieds.wsj.com)
* [Sell Your Business](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Business-For-Sale-Ads)
* [Sell Your Home](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Residential-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Recruitment & Career Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Job-Ads)
* More

* [Content Partnerships](http://wsj.com/partner)
* [Corrections](http://www.wsj.com/news/column/Corrections)
* [Jobs at WSJ](http://www.dowjones.com/careers.asp)
* [Make Time](http://www.wsj.com/maketime)
* [News Archive](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/archive.html)
* [Register for Free](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/register_standalone.html)
* [Reprints](http://www.djreprints.com)

  * [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/wsj)
  * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/WSJ)
  * [Google+](https://plus.google.com/117720626238470886461/posts)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-wall-street-journal)
  * [YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/user/WSJDigitalNetwork)
  * [Podcasts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/podcast.html)
  * [GooglePlay](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wsj.reader_sp)
  * [AppStore](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-wall-street-journal./id364387007?mt=8)

* Dow Jones Products
* [Barron's](http://online.barrons.com/home-page)
* [BigCharts](http://bigcharts.marketwatch.com)
* [DJX](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/wsj-x-marketing.html)
* [Dow Jones Newswires](http://new.dowjones.com/products/dj-news)
* [Factiva](https://global.factiva.com/factivalogin/login.asp?productname=global)
* [Financial News](http://www.efinancialnews.com)
* [Mansion Global](http://mansionglobal.com)
* [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com)
* [Private Markets](http://pevc.dowjones.com)
* [realtor.com](http://www.realtor.com)
* [Risk & Compliance](https://djlogin.dowjones.com/login.asp?productname=rnc)
* [WSJ Conference](http://www.wsj.com/conferences)
* [WSJ Video](http://live.wsj.com)
* [WSJ Wine](http://www.wsjwine.com)

* [Privacy Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/privacy-policy)
* [Cookie Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy)
* [Copyright Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/copyright-policy)
* [Data Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/data-policy)
* [Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use](http://www.wsj.com/policy/subscriber-agreement)
* [Your Ad Choices](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy#cookies_advertising)
* Copyright (C)2015 [Dow Jones & Company](http://www.dowjones.com), Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Copyright 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved

This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use
of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright
law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow
Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Updated July 13, 2014 10:52 p.m. ET 

BEIJING—China's influential state broadcaster on Friday called a location-
tracking function offered by Apple Inc.'s iPhone a "national security
concern," in the latest sign of a backlash in the country against U.S.
technology firms.

In its national noon broadcast, state-run China Central Television criticized
the "frequent locations" function in Apple's iOS 7 mobile operating system,
which records time and location for the owner's movements. The report quoted
researchers who said those with access to...

Updated July 13, 2014 8:01 p.m. ET

COPENHAGEN—Efforts to detect Alzheimer's disease earlier and more cheaply are
focusing on signs of the ailment in the eye and sense of smell.

Scientists have found that certain biological changes in the retina and lens
of the eye, and in the sense of smell, may help predict whether people with no
or minor memory issues may go on to develop the progressive brain disease,
according to findings presented here Sunday at the Alzheimer's...

Updated July 13, 2014 2:05 p.m. ET

LONDON—Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc. expects its CSeries jet to resume
test flights in weeks, after trials were suspended following a major engine
failure that damaged a test plane.

"I think we have made substantial progress," Bombardier President and Chief
Executive Pierre Beaudoin said in an interview. "Weeks from now we are going
to be back in flight," he said, without giving a specific date.

The...

Updated July 13, 2014 7:20 p.m. ET

BAGHDAD—Iraq's parliament failed to agree on a new speaker during its second
session on Sunday, prolonging a political impasse that has dashed hopes of
reaching a resolution to the worst security crisis since the U.S.-led invasion
in 2003.

U.S. diplomats and others have urged Iraqi politicians to reach a quick
agreement over the three key government positions—the parliament speaker,
president and prime minister—that are traditionally...

Updated July 13, 2014 9:43 p.m. ET

Internationally renowned conductor Lorin Maazel, who led the New York
Philharmonic, the Cleveland Orchestra and others abroad, died Sunday at his
home in Castleton, Va., at age 84.

Mr. Maazel had been rehearsing for the annual Castleton Festival, which he had
founded in 2009 with his wife, when he suffered complications from pneumonia,
according to a statement from the festival.

Born in Paris on March 6, 1930, Mr. Maazel was a...

Updated July 13, 2014 8:00 p.m. ET

Quitting a job often can be a good thing. But not enough workers have been
doing it.

During and after the recession, the U.S. economy has been too weak for many
workers to undertake the sort of job-hopping that economists say is critical
to building careers and advancing the nation's long-run growth prospects. The
consequence: Even many Americans who have remained employed have stunted their
earnings growth by staying pinned down to...

Updated July 13, 2014 8:04 p.m. ET

REGARDLESS OF WHAT investigators ultimately determine happened to Malaysia
Airlines Flight 370, its disappearance already has prompted reassessment of
some basic airline operating rules.

Facing a groundswell of public concern, airlines and government safety experts
want to change the way aircraft will be routinely tracked, and how emergency
searches will be conducted in the future. But as they have done in the past,
industry leaders...

Updated July 13, 2014 7:50 p.m. ET

Central-bank economic models failed to foresee the storm that devastated the
global economy in 2008. Stephen Poloz, the head of Canada's central bank, the
Bank of Canada, is trying an alternative approach he thinks will have better
foresight: actual human beings.

Since taking over in June 2013, Mr. Poloz has pushed staff and himself to look
beyond models for on-the-ground evidence to understand Canada's economic
challenges.

...

Updated July 13, 2014 7:43 p.m. ET

RIO DE JANEIRO—Although Brazil's national soccer team flamed out in the
semifinal of the World Cup, the country's leaders have some successes to
celebrate. Airports functioned. Stadiums completed at the 11th hour hosted
exciting soccer. Worries about potential protests proved unfounded.

Now comes the hangover.

Brazil is facing trials including the challenge of a moribund economy and
potentially divisive presidential...

Updated July 13, 2014 7:46 p.m. ET

THE INTERNATIONAL AIR SHOW debut of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter was always
going to capture headlines, but lingering uncertainty over whether it would
appear following a serious engine fire on one test jet last month has
dominated coverage in the run-up to Farnborough.

The jet is due to be declared combat ready by the U.S. Marine Corps in 12
months, and F-35 supporters planned to use the show to shift the focus of the
much-delayed...

Updated July 13, 2014 4:46 p.m. ET

VIENNA—The U.S. and Germany tried to play down tensions on Sunday as their top
diplomats met for the first time since a fresh furor erupted over American
espionage in Berlin in recent weeks.

But new signs emerged that the outrage could have wide-ranging repercussions.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and German Foreign Minister...

Updated July 13, 2014 9:57 p.m. ET

A cutting-edge medication that can help prevent HIV in healthy individuals is
gaining favor with government officials, including New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo.

But in advocating for the drug, sold under the brand name Truvada, officials
seeking to curtail HIV/AIDS infections are going up against some surprising
opponents: high-profile AIDS activists who say they have serious questions
about the drug's cultural and health impacts.

...

Updated July 13, 2014 3:15 p.m. ET

LJUBLJANA, Slovenia—A recently formed center-left party in Slovenia, started
by a newcomer in politics, scored a landslide victory in a parliamentary
election Sunday amid voters' distrust in established parties and unease over
state asset sales in this small euro zone-state, preliminary results of nearly
90% of votes counted by the State Election Commission showed.

The result, if confirmed, can make Miro Cerar, a 50-year-old law...

Updated July 13, 2014 3:03 p.m. ET

Swiss candymaker Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Spruengli AG is in talks to acquire
Russell Stover, the U.S. boxed-chocolate seller, for close to $1.5 billion,
according to people familiar with the matter.

Discussions with Lindt were reported by the Financial Times.

Russell Stover, known for its boxed chocolates, has annual sales of about...

Updated July 13, 2014 4:26 p.m. ET

Thousands of Palestinians fled their homes in northern Gaza for United Nations
shelters after Israel warned them with leaflets and phone calls to evacuate
ahead of an intensified offensive, the U.N. said.

Ignoring calls from the territory's Hamas rulers to stay, columns of cars,
donkey carts and scooters loaded with luggage packed escape routes from the
town of Beit Lahiya on Sunday. Residents said that after hearing a fierce...

Updated July 13, 2014 5:55 p.m. ET

Engineering-services company URS Corp., a darling of some big-name investors
that ended up disappointing them this year, said Sunday it agreed to be sold
for $4 billion.

Aecom Technology Corp. will pay the equivalent of $56.31 in cash and stock for
each share of URS, the two sides announced Sunday. The deal would represent an
8% premium to Friday's close for URS shares, which had been gaining in recent
days amid takeover...

Updated July 13, 2014 11:41 a.m. ET

TOKYO—Japan's ruling party suffered a surprise setback in a regional election,
exposing new political weakness for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe following his
controversial push to ease restrictions on the country's military.

Mr. Abe's Liberal Democratic Party was defeated in a vote on Sunday to fill
the open governor's seat in western Shiga prefecture, following a hard-fought
campaign where opponents worked to capitalize on the recent drop in the prime
minister's public-support ratings. Beyond the military issue, Mr. Abe's...

Updated July 13, 2014 7:50 p.m. ET

It isn't that hard to see what is coming down the track for railroad
operators.

Their second-quarter results season kicks off this week with CSX Corp.
Collectively, the big four—CSX, Norfolk Southern Corp., Kansas City Southern
and Union Pacific Corp.—look set to deliver stellar numbers. Analysts forecast
earnings per share to have increased...

Updated July 13, 2014 12:04 p.m. ET

When President Obama announced in May that he would withdraw all remaining
U.S. forces from Afghanistan by the end of 2016, he insisted that "the future
of Afghanistan must be decided by Afghans." True enough, though they could
still use some help in that department too.

Afghanistan's election commission declared Monday that former Finance Minister
Ashraf Ghani leads Abdullah Abdullah, his rival in the country's runoff
presidential vote, 56.4% to 43.6% in a preliminary vote count. Mr. Abdullah
immediately...

Updated July 13, 2014 8:04 p.m. ET

Every July 12, after lighting hundreds of bonfires across the region,
thousands of Northern Ireland unionists pass through the streets of Belfast
and other towns and cities to commemorate the 1690 victory of King William III
over his Catholic rival, King James, in the Battle of the Boyne. The
centuries-old sectarian tensions and the triumphalist tone of the marches have
in previous years triggered brutal violence and mass rioting.

So it's a relief that this year's march passed peacefully. Only six people
were arrested...

Updated July 13, 2014 12:29 p.m. ET

Congress has been working for more than a year to get to the bottom of the IRS
political targeting scandal, and the Obama Administration has resisted across
the board. So hurrah to the judicial branch, which this week stepped into the
fray with orders that could force the IRS to start coughing up some answers.

U.S. District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan on Thursday ordered the IRS to provide
for him, within a month, a sworn declaration explaining how the agency came to
lose two years' worth of email belonging to former Director...

Updated July 13, 2014 3:24 p.m. ET

PARIS—The French government said over the weekend that it was rearranging its
military forces scattered across the Sahara to better combat Islamist
militants threatening the stability of several Western African countries.

French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Sunday that Paris would assign
a broader, regional mission to the thousands of troops it deployed 18 months
ago to Mali to help prevent the country from falling into...

Updated July 13, 2014 6:56 p.m. ET

ROME—Pope Francis said credible data indicate that around 2% of priests in the
Catholic Church are pedophiles, a level he called "unsustainable" and that he
pledged to fight with the necessary severity.

In a conversation with Italian daily La Repubblica's founder, Eugenio
Scalfari, published Sunday, the pope defined the sexual abuse of minors as a
"leprosy" that the church must eradicate.

"Many of my...

Updated July 13, 2014 5:38 p.m. ET

Wells Fargo & Co.'s latest set of earnings highlighted a problem facing the
U.S. banking sector: too much money and not enough opportunities to lend
profitably in a world of low interest rates.

Second-quarter results at the nation's largest bank by market value met Wall
Street's expectations but failed to soothe investor fears over persistent
weakness in the mortgage market. The issue is likely to be a dominant theme
next week...

Updated July 13, 2014 5:38 p.m. ET

The world has come a long way since 2008 when hundreds of thousands of Germans
turned out to hear candidate Barack Obama speak in Berlin. On Thursday our
German friends tossed out "the representative of the U.S. intelligence
agencies," presumably the CIA station chief in Berlin.

The expulsion of America's top spy would have been rare in East Germany during
the Cold War, much less in an ally the U.S. is treaty-bound to defend.
Thursday's order by Chancellor Angela Merkel's government reflects America's
diminished...

Updated July 13, 2014 4:45 p.m. ET

BAKERSFIELD, Calif.—U.S. Rep. Kevin McCarthy sat at Luigi's Restaurant here on
a recent Saturday, slicing through a rare steak, as politicians and business
owners in his hometown took turns congratulating the incoming House majority
leader.

Anyone in search of Mr. McCarthy on weekends needs to look no further than
Luigi's, one of this city's oldest family-run businesses. As the man who
orchestrated a 2010 Republican takeover of Congress by targeting Democrats
who, in his estimation, were out of touch with their districts,...

Updated July 13, 2014 1:54 p.m. ET

LONDON—Boeing Co. will offer a modified version of its 737, increasing the
capacity of the jet to up to 200 seats as the company chases demand from low-
cost carriers, Boeing's commercial unit chief executive announced today.

The company signaled its intent to move ahead with the model here Sunday
during a media round table with Ray Conner, Boeing's vice chairman and
commercial airplane unit chief executive officer ahead of the...

