Updated May 13, 2015 7:03 p.m. ET

J.C. Penney Co. continued to claw its way back from a disastrous overhaul,
reporting that its first-quarter loss narrowed from a year earlier. It also
raised its sales forecast for the year.

Penney now expects sales at established stores to increase 4% to 5%, compared
with its earlier forecast of 3% to 5%, and its profit margin and cash flow
should improve as well, the company said Wednesday.

The progress in recent quarters...

Updated May 13, 2015 6:46 p.m. ET

ROME—The Vatican said it would soon sign its first treaty with the “State of
Palestine,” lending legal weight to a recognition it has extended for more
than two years and drawing swift criticism from Israel.

The Holy See has had diplomatic relations with the Palestinians since 1994,
and has referred to the “State of Palestine” in official...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:50 a.m. ET

TOKYO—Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. issued new recalls on Wednesday
covering 6.56 million vehicles world-wide over faulty Takata Corp. air bags,
citing new findings about the risk of moisture affecting the devices.

The recalls add to roughly 25 million vehicles already recalled by more than
10 auto makers since 2008 over Takata air bags. At least six deaths have been
linked to air-bag explosions.

“Among the parts...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:22 p.m. ET

Misdirection is how magicians distract you from what is really happening with
that card you picked. The oil market similarly seems to be taking its cues
away from the real action.

Oil inventories provide a ready way of tracking how supply is matching up with
demand. If supply is ample, some of it will flow into tanks and inventories
will rise. This has been the story for much of the past six months or so.

Recently, though,...

Updated May 13, 2015 3:50 p.m. ET

An Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia that killed at least seven people Tuesday
disrupted rail travel on one of the busiest and most lucrative passenger rail
routes in the U.S.

The Northeast Corridor, which runs between Washington, D.C., and Boston, is
the national passenger railroad’s moneymaker, churning profits that prop up
money-losing long-distance routes elsewhere in the country. Tuesday’s wreck is
believed to be the worst Amtrak accident along the Northeast Corridor since
1987, when 16 people were killed near...

Updated May 13, 2015 6:51 a.m. ET

Good morning,

Over Troubled Waters

China has continued to build artificial islands in the South China Sea,
despite opposition from neighbors and the White House. Now the U.S. military
is considering using aircraft and Navy ships to directly contest Chinese
territorial claims in the disputed waters. Beijing strongly condemned the U.S.
military plan today. If it stands its ground, the result could escalate
tensions in the region, increasing pressure on both sides to flex military
muscle. Meanwhile, U.S. Secretary of State...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:40 p.m. ET

U.S. stocks ended marginally lower, with a drop in DuPont Co. shares weighing
on the Dow Jones Industrial Average.

The Dow slipped 7.74 points, or less than 0.1%, to 18060.49, and the S&P 500
index lost 0.64 point to 2098.48. Utilities stocks in the S&P 500 fell the
most, down 1.1%. Technology stocks in the index rose 0.5%, leading...

Updated May 13, 2015 3:41 p.m. ET

KARACHI, Pakistan—At least 43 people were killed when gunmen ambushed a bus in
this southern port city, Pakistani officials said, in a sectarian assault that
was the country’s first major attack claimed by Islamic State.

The victims were Ismailis, members of a branch of Shiite Islam, who were
traveling together on a bus Wednesday morning.

While Shiites have come under regular assault by the Pakistani Taliban and its
Sunni...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:20 p.m. ET

European stocks surrendered early gains Wednesday after some unexpectedly weak
U.S. retail sales figures dragged down the dollar against the euro.

The Stoxx Europe 600 index ended the session 0.2% lower, having risen nearly
1% earlier in the session after data showed growth accelerated in the currency
bloc in the first quarter.

The...

Updated May 13, 2015 11:37 a.m. ET

KATHMANDU, Nepal—Wary Nepalis camped in streets and parks again on Wednesday
fearing further aftershocks after two new earthquakes—one with a magnitude of
7.3—shook the Himalayan nation, which was just starting to rebuild after last
month’s quake killed more than 8,000 people.

Rishikesh Lohan was on the fourth floor of a Kathmandu hospital, still getting
treatment for the injuries he received in the first quake when the fresh...

Updated May 12, 2015 11:48 p.m. ET 

CHICAGO—When Bob Geren played in the minor leagues in the 1980s, nobody paid
much attention, even though he’d been a first-round draft pick. The concept of
a “prospect” hardly existed back then. Fans learned about the next big thing
only after it arrived in the majors.

“You went from maybe one part-time writer that might write for the paper and
didn’t travel, to this,” said Geren, the Mets’ bench coach and a former
Yankees catcher, referring to the jump from the minor leagues to the majors.
“It would be pretty...

Updated May 12, 2015 9:17 p.m. ET

MILLSFIELD, N.H.—Election Day here has never meant stepping inside a voting
booth.

For years, people in Millsfield marked ballots atop a washing machine in the
Sweatt family’s farmhouse. More recently, voters have picked candidates in one
of the three bedrooms at Sonja and Charlie Sheldon’s bed-and-breakfast. If
everybody showed up at once, some...

Updated May 13, 2015 1:27 a.m. ET

PHILADELPHIA—At least five people were killed when a northbound Amtrak train
carrying 238 passengers to New York derailed and crashed here Tuesday night,
overturning several cars and injuring dozens more.

“It is an absolute disastrous mess,” Philadelphia...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:01 a.m. ET

SEOUL—North Korea’s defense minister has been executed by antiaircraft fire
for disloyalty and showing disrespect to dictator Kim Jong Un, senior
officials from Seoul’s National Intelligence Service told South Korean
lawmakers in a closed hearing Tuesday.

Defense Minister Hyon Yong Chol allegedly fell asleep during military events
and talked...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:32 p.m. ET

Sandra Lee, the celebrity chef and longtime live-in girlfriend of New York
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, said Tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with breast
cancer and plans to undergo a double mastectomy this week.

“I didn’t even cry, I was stunned,” Ms. Lee, 48 years old, said in an
interview on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” of learning of the diagnosis. “You
know, and that’s just how fast life turns. It turns on a dime.”

Ms. Lee,...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:54 a.m. ET

More earthquakes struck Nepal on Tuesday, killing dozens of people as the
Himalayan nation was still mourning its dead andjust beginning to recover
after a massive temblor in April left more than 8,000 dead.

A magnitude-7.3 quake hit at midday in a mountainous area east of Kathmandu,
near Nepal’s border with China, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. That
was followed by a magnitude-6.3 event about 30 minutes later around 15...

Updated May 13, 2015 2:26 p.m. ET

GUADALAJARA, Jalisco—The armored vehicle carrying the top security official of
Mexico’s embattled Jalisco state had just rounded a street corner on the
outskirts of this cosmopolitan city when a dozen gunmen from the New
Generation Jalisco Cartel pumped more than 200 bullets into the car.

“When we tried to strike back, they threw two grenades at us,” said Alejandro
Solorio, the state public security commissioner.

That late...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:32 p.m. ET

A return to expansion in France and Italy helped boost eurozone economic
growth in the first three months of 2015 to its fastest pace in nearly two
years, raising hopes that an uneven recovery is finally broadening in long-
stagnant Europe.

Still, a stumble in growth in Germany—the eurozone’s largest economy and the
region’s engine of growth in recent quarters—highlighted the fragility of the
turnaround.

European policy makers,...

Updated May 13, 2015 1:03 p.m. ET

Macy’s Inc. plans to push its best stores upscale, as it works to squeeze more
growth from a slowing department-store business.

The retailer discussed its plans Wednesday after reporting a second straight
quarter of weak sales. Rough winter weather, trouble with West Coast ports and
lower spending by tourists all contributed to sales dropping...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:55 a.m. ET

BRUSSELS—The European Union unveiled plans for a quota system aimed at more
evenly spreading the burden of its migration emergency across its member
states.

More than 70% of the asylum applications in the EU are filed in Germany,
Sweden, Italy and France, spurring calls from those countries for a more
equitable distribution of migrants across the European bloc. Still, the plan
would exclude Britain, Ireland and Denmark, which have a...

Updated May 13, 2015 7:05 p.m. ET

When the dollar’s rally stalled in March, some investors began buying beaten-
down assets in a shift many expected to be short-lived.

It has been two months, and the strategy remains a winner.

Now, many of those traders are increasing their bets, providing an
unexpectedly sharp lift for the euro, oil and other investments that were...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:57 p.m. ET

A U.S. rule that prohibits banks from taking risky bets with their own money
violates the North American Free-Trade Agreement because it bans U.S. banks
from trading triple-A-rated Canadian government debt, Canada’s finance
minister said Wednesday.

Joe Oliver told a securities conference in New York he hopes the U.S. will
amend the so-called...

Updated May 13, 2015 6:08 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved a measure
Wednesday to curb the National Security Agency’s ability to collect the
telephone records of millions of Americans, intensifying a showdown with
Senate Republican leaders who oppose the limitations.

The impasse has raised the possibility that lawmakers will pursue a short-term
extension of the current bulk collection program, which will expire June 1
if...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:29 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Prices of imported goods fell last month, suggesting weak global
demand and a stronger dollar continue to hold back U.S. inflation.

Import prices declined a seasonally adjusted 0.3% in April from March, the
Labor Department said Wednesday. Prices have fallen for 10 consecutive months
and are down 10.7% over the past year.

...

Updated May 13, 2015 7:30 p.m. ET 

WASHINGTON—Senate leaders reached an agreement Wednesday to revive a bill that
would provide fast-track trade-negotiation powers to President Barack Obama,
one day after the chamber’s Democrats blocked the measure in a stinging defeat
for the administration.

The breakthrough came after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.)
allowed a vote on a separate bill intended to protect U.S. firms from currency
manipulation and...

Updated May 13, 2015 9:44 a.m. ET

SHANGHAI—After repeated and unheeded warnings to China to halt its massive
reclamation works in the South China Sea, the U.S. is contemplating an option
fraught with danger: limited, but direct, military action.

By sending U.S. warplanes over artificial islands that China is building, and
sailing naval vessels close by—an option now under consideration, according to
U.S. officials in Washington—America could end up being sucked more...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:07 a.m. ET

YOKOHAMA—Carlos Ghosn, chief executive of the Renault-Nissan Alliance, offered
a spirited defense of global auto-making partnerships like the French-Japanese
tie-up, which has been roiled by the French government’s move last month to
increase its influence at Renault.

“We are at least a 16-year-old living example of a successful alliance where
two companies which are autonomous and independent are working together,
developing...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:47 p.m. ET

BEIJING—China is launching a broad stimulus to help local governments
restructure trillions of dollars in debts while prodding banks to lend more,
as fresh data added to signs of a worsening slowdown in the world’s second-
largest economy.

In a joint directive marked “extra urgent,” China’s Finance Ministry, central
bank and top banking regulator laid out a package of measures to jump-start
one of the government’s most important...

Updated May 13, 2015 6:26 p.m. ET

Standard General LP, the hedge fund that saved more than 1,700 RadioShack
stores from liquidation, has been declared the new owner of the RadioShack
brand, with a winning auction bid of $26.2 million.

RadioShack’s trademark and other intellectual property went on the bankruptcy
auction block Monday, and Standard General walked out the winner Tuesday
evening, with the right to use the iconic name in its RadioShack revival,
according...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:14 p.m. ET

TOKYO—Toshiba Corp. said Wednesday it expected to reduce its reported
operating profit by at least ¥50 billion ($419 million) for fiscal 2011
through fiscal 2013 because it needs to fix accounting irregularities at three
units of the company.

A special task force looking at the issue found that the three units
underestimated the cost of some infrastructure projects, Toshiba said. The
maker of power systems, computers, semiconductors...

Updated May 13, 2015 6:16 p.m. ET

Cisco Systems Inc. kept up its recent rebound in the latest quarter,
rebuilding momentum in several key markets as longtime CEO John Chambers
prepares to relinquish the post.

The maker of network equipment said net income in its fiscal third quarter
rose 12% on revenue that increased 5.1%. Cisco in February had projected
revenue would rise 3%...

Updated May 13, 2015 9:58 a.m. ET

ATHENS—Greece slipped back into recession in the first quarter, European Union
data confirmed on Wednesday, showing how the confrontation between the Athens
government and its creditors and uncertainty about the country’s ability to
pay its debts is taking a fresh toll on its battered economy.

Greek gross domestic product fell 0.2% in the first quarter compared with the
previous quarter, according to seasonally adjusted data from the EU’s
statistics arm, Eurostat. That followed a 0.4% contraction in the fourth
quarter...

Updated May 12, 2015 11:35 p.m. ET

New York state moved Tuesday night to withhold funding from some of New York
City’s homeless shelters because of their poor conditions, sparking a fight
over near-record homelessness in the city.

In a letter Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s administration sent to City Hall, the state
said 16 shelters were in such poor condition that it would withhold funding
until matters improved. The letter from the Office of Temporary and
Disability...

Updated May 13, 2015 3:29 p.m. ET 

Owens-Illinois Inc. is counting heavily on Mexico for a dash of growth in the
sluggish global market for glass bottles.

The Perrysburg, Ohio-based company announced Wednesday an agreement to pay
$2.15 billion for Vitro S.A.B. de C.V.’s food-and-beverage glass container
business, the largest in Mexico. The agreement includes Vitro’s five glass-
container plants in Mexico and one in Bolivia.

Owens-Illinois shares rose 9.2%, or...

Updated May 13, 2015 11:04 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Chinese Internet giant Tencent Holdings Ltd. is taking a page out of
Facebook Inc.’s playbook, looking to spur long-term earnings growth from
mobile advertising as the pace of its profit increase slows.

On Wednesday, Tencent said its net profit for the three months ended March 31
rose 6.6% from a year earlier, a significant slowdown from the fourth quarter
when net profit jumped 50%. Higher research and development expenses...

Updated May 13, 2015 7:20 p.m. ET

Industrial conglomerate Danaher Corp. intends to break itself in two next
year, becoming the latest company to isolate units viewed as having strong
growth potential from cyclical, slower-growing business lines.

As part of the breakup, Danaher will acquire filtration-equipment maker Pall
Corp. for $13.6 billion to fortify a revamped business portfolio focused on
science, health care and technology markets.

Danaher plans to...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:02 p.m. ET

U.S. consumers are proving to be reluctant spenders despite steady job
creation and cheaper gasoline, another drag on a sharply slowing economy.

In the latest sign of consumer caution, U.S. retail sales barely budged in
April and are now down or flat in four of the five past months.

“The disappearance of consumer spending in early 2015...

Updated May 13, 2015 1:48 p.m. ET

The natural-gas pipeline company Williams Cos. plans to swallow its
subsidiary, Williams Partners LP, making it the latest energy company to
absorb a limited partnership that has grown unwieldy.

The $13.8 billion deal will provide tax benefits to Williams, but some of the
partnership’s investors could be hit with an unexpected tax bill when they
exchange their partnership interests for company shares.

The Williams...

Updated May 13, 2015 1:55 p.m. ET

The North Atlantic Treaty Organization on Wednesday formally announced plans
to retain a small troop presence in Afghanistan after 2016 to help strengthen
Afghan security forces as they struggle against a resilient Taliban
insurgency.

NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that the future mission—billed as
“Enduring Partnership”—will be led by civilians. “It will have a light
footprint, but it will have a military component,”...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:52 a.m. ET

As the saying goes, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. Investors
ought to keep it in mind while weighing hot biotech stocks.

Vertex Pharmaceuticals is a case in point. The shares jumped Wednesday after a
positive recommendation the day before from a Food and Drug Administration
advisory panel. This makes it likely Vertex will win approval for a new cystic
fibrosis treatment within the next two months.

Vertex’s older...

Updated May 13, 2015 3:06 p.m. ET

KIGALI, Rwanda—A Burundian general declared a coup Wednesday against the
country’s president while he was out of the country for a regional
summit—prompting both street celebrations and fear over what the move might
mean in a volatile region.

Maj. Gen. Godefroid Niyombare claimed he was taking over in the interest of
democracy in a statement broadcast by a private radio station around midday
Wednesday. However, it was unclear how...

Updated May 13, 2015 6:47 p.m. ET

More than 40% of U.S. honeybee colonies died in a 12-month period ending in
April, extending a troubling trend that has scientists scrambling for a
solution and professional beekeepers struggling to stay in business.

The Agriculture Department said in its annual honeybee survey released
Wednesday that beekeepers are starting to lose large numbers of bees during
both the summer and winter—presenting scientists with a new wrinkle since...

Updated May 13, 2015 3:28 p.m. ET

Sizzling demand for Jeeps will keep open two of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV’s
U.S. assembly plants running throughout the summer as Detroit auto makers head
into negotiations with the United Auto Workers union.

The No. 3 U.S. auto maker said on Wednesday it will keep Jeep production in
Detroit and Toledo, Ohio, along with two factories in Mexico, running even as
it idles other factories. Keeping plants open is a rare move because...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:17 p.m. ET 

It took 21 years for Lydia Wayman to understand why she was different.

At 2, she was discussing the life cycles of insects with her mother. At 4, she
was reading chapter books. While gifted academically, Lydia refused most
foods, couldn’t stand clothes with seams, and became inconsolable if bumped in
a crowded store. She loved cats but had...

Updated May 13, 2015 5:57 p.m. ET

The interests of former students of defunct Corinthian Colleges Inc. who could
potentially have billions of dollars in claims against the for-profit educator
are getting an official voice in company’s bankruptcy case, a win for students
seeking a greater sway in the case’s outcome.

Formation will begin on Thursday for an official committee to represent
students, according to the Office of the U.S. Trustee. Such committee is
often...

Updated May 13, 2015 5:15 p.m. ET 

BAGHDAD—Iraq’s Defense Ministry said Wednesday that an airstrike by the
U.S.-led coalition had killed Islamic State’s second-in-command, raising new
questions about the group’s leadership.

The militant commander Abu Ala al Afri was one of several people killed in a
strike that hit a mosque where Islamic State leaders were meeting, the
ministry...

Updated May 13, 2015 5:13 p.m. ET

Shake Shack Inc. on Wednesday raised its revenue guidance for the year as the
boutique burger chain reported sales grew a better-than-expected 56% in the
quarter ended April 1.

The company’s share price—which has more than tripled since being priced for
the stock’s initial public offering in January—surged 6.6% to $72.90 in recent
aftermarket...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:49 p.m. ET

Oil prices fell Wednesday as traders assessed a drop in U.S. crude inventories
and a continued oversupply in the global market.

Light, sweet crude for June delivery settled down 25 cents, or 0.4%, to $60.50
a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the global
benchmark, fell five cents, or 0.1%, to $66.81 a barrel on the ICE Futures
Europe exchange.

Prices plunged in 2014 as the market became oversupplied due...

Updated May 13, 2015 6:56 a.m. ET

LONDON—A global battle for market share between OPEC and non-OPEC producers
that has rocked oil markets and fed into the biggest price slump since the
financial crisis is just getting started, the International Energy Agency said
Wednesday.

Oil prices have plunged since June amid a glut in oil production driven by
booming U.S. output and sluggish demand, a combination that threatened the
market position of some of the world’s...

Updated May 13, 2015 3:58 p.m. ET

Prices of longer-dated Treasury bonds fell on Wednesday, sending the yield on
the benchmark 10-year note to close at the highest level in more than five
months.

A selloff of German government debt rippled into the U.S. bond market,
underscoring the continued jitters. The yield on the 10-year German bond
closed at the highest level since early...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:10 p.m. ET

The Ebola crisis is winding down in West Africa, but the effort to develop
drugs to treat the virus hasn’t lost its urgency, dividing scientists over
whether it is ethical to test treatments on patients without rigorous research
controls.

“We couldn’t do this in the U.S., and you couldn’t do it in the U.K., so why
do you think you can do it in Africa?” Andre Kalil, a leading Ebola doctor
from the University of Nebraska Medical Center, said as he confronted the
University of Oxford’s Jake Dunning, who has helped run Ebola...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:10 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter on Wednesday said Army Gen. Mark
Milley would be nominated as the next Army chief of staff and that Navy Adm.
John Richardson will serve as the next chief of naval operations.

Gen. Milley, a former commander in both Afghanistan and Iraq, was the senior
officer who recommended charges against Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, the Army soldier
held captive by the Taliban for five years before he was released last year.
Gen. Milley also served as the Army’s base commander at Fort Hood, Texas...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:09 p.m. ET

BEIRUT—Aid groups began deliveries of badly needed supplies into war-torn
Yemen, while Saudi Arabia and Houthi rebels accused each other of violating a
humanitarian truce on Wednesday, hours after it began.

All aid coming into Yemen in the next five days of the cease fire will be
processed by the United Nations’ World Food Program, which said it would send
food rations for 750,000 people, with plans to ship 14,000 tons of food to...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:07 p.m. ET

The dollar weakened against the yen and the euro Wednesday after U.S. retail
sales data showed consumers wouldn’t pull the economy out of its recent soft
patch.

The dollar fell 1.2% versus the common currency in late-afternoon trade, as
one euro bought $1.1344, on pace for the highest close in a week.

The U.S. currency slid 0.6% against...

Updated May 13, 2015 3:50 p.m. ET

Gold prices rose to their highest level in five weeks on Wednesday, after
disappointing U.S. data sparked fears that the country’s economy has yet to
recover from its swoon.

Gold for June delivery, the most actively traded contract, closed up 2.2% at
$1,218.20 a troy ounce on the Comex division of the New York Mercantile
Exchange, the highest level since April 6.

U.S. retail sales barely budged in April, data from the Commerce...

Updated May 13, 2015 2:32 p.m. ET

LONDON—The U.K. government is seeking an adviser to lead the next stage of its
effort to sell stakes in Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC and Lloyds Banking
Group PLC, people familiar with the matter said Wednesday.

The government still owns an 80% stake in RBS and a 20% stake in Lloyds
following bailouts by taxpayers in 2008. U.K. Financial Investments Ltd.,
which manages the government’s bank stakes, appointed J.P. Morgan Chase...

Updated May 13, 2015 2:18 p.m. ET

LONDON—Prime Minister David Cameron outlined plans on Wednesday for new laws
intended to crack down on Islamist extremism and radicalization in Britain, as
the government seeks to counter the threat of homegrown terror attacks.

The proposed legislation will include new so-called banning orders for
extremist organizations that seek to undermine democracy or incite hatred in
public places, but that fall short of inclusion in an official list of banned
terror groups. It also will include new so-called extremism disruption...

Updated May 13, 2015 1:46 p.m. ET

Zebra Technologies Corp. said its first-quarter sales soared, as the company
benefited from a recent acquisition and saw growth in its legacy business.

Adjusted profit and revenue results beat the company’s expectations. Shares
surged 10% in afternoon trading, adding to the 20% gain notched this year
through Tuesday’s close.

“North America and Europe were particularly strong” Chief Executive Anders
Gustafsson said in a phone...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:39 p.m. ET

The Federal Reserve’s Office of the Inspector General said Wednesday the
central bank should beef up its regulatory efforts in the wake of clear
mistakes made in the handling of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.’s ‘whale’ incident
after the largest U.S. bank by assets suddenly posted $6 billion in losses
related to 2012 trades gone bad.

“We found that there was a missed opportunity for the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to discuss risks
related to [J.P. Morgan’s] Chief...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:56 a.m. ET

BERLIN—The head of Germany’s inland intelligence agency said Wednesday there
is no evidence U.S. spies are monitoring German companies for their industrial
secrets, seeking to calm fears that German companies’ industrial prowess is a
target for U.S. snoops.

Instead, China and Russia are the most avid intelligence gatherers in Germany,
Hans-Georg Maassen, head of Germany’s domestic intelligence agency, said,
calling these countries...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:36 a.m. ET

Morgan Stanley will pay $2 million to settle charges that a unit failed to
fully report its short interest positions over a period of more than six
years, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority said Wednesday.

Finra said that Morgan Stanley violated short interest reporting and short
sale rules by failing to completely and accurately...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:35 a.m. ET

LONDON—The Bank of England on Wednesday cut its growth forecasts for the U.K.
economy, but said it is still on course to raise interest rates in the middle
of next year.

In its first set of economic forecasts since last week’s national election,
the central bank trimmed its forecast for growth in the next few years in
response to sluggishness in Britain’s housing market and the risk that a
strong pound will hurt exports.

The...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:10 a.m. ET

General Electric Co. is putting its $5 billion Japanese commercial finance
operation up for sale, shedding a key piece of GE Capital’s Asia operations as
part of the company’s efforts to slim down, according to people familiar with
the situation.

The sale, which is still in the early stages, comes after GE Chief Executive
Jeff Immelt laid out plans last month to sell or spin off the bulk of the $500
billion in assets held by its GE Capital unit. It also follows GE’s
multibillion-dollar disposal in March of its consumer...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:06 p.m. ET

OMAHA, Neb.—The continuing bird-flu outbreak has spread into Nebraska, and
officials said Tuesday they plan to kill 1.7 million chickens on a farm where
the disease has been found.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection
Service said the presence of the illness on an egg farm in Dixon County in
northeast Nebraska...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:13 p.m. ET

Proposals to privatize federal air-traffic control services “likely raise
constitutional concerns,” according to a congressional report released Tuesday
that may set the stage for a bipartisan fight over the issue.

Requested by Oregon Rep. Peter DeFazio, the ranking Democrat on the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, the Congressional Research
Service study determined that a private, nonprofit entity could face...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:57 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Chinese hospital-investment firm Zhuhai Blue Ocean Strategy Medical
Co. plans to raise about US$1 billion in a Hong Kong initial public offering
in the third quarter, people familiar with the situation said, making it the
latest company to tap into rising demand for better health care among China’s
growing middle class.

The Guangdong province-based hospital operator and investor plans to submit an
application for listing approval to Hong Kong’s stock exchange in June, the
people said. In Hong Kong, companies...

Updated May 13, 2015 5:16 a.m. ET

Markets in Asia stabilized Wednesday with bonds recovering and stocks mostly
flattish, as recent pressure from a global bond selloff subsided.

Most major stock benchmarks, including the Hang Seng Index and the Nikkei
Stock Average, were fractionally changed, after U.S. stocks pared steep losses
and U.S. Treasury bonds rallied Tuesday.

Asia’s recovery came after a selloff Tuesday of stocks in India and Thailand,
currencies in...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:49 a.m. ET

BEIJING—China is moving to breathe fresh life into a plan to help local
authorities deal with their massive debt loads, as it sweetens the payout for
investors who buy newly issued local-government debt.

China will let local-government bonds be used as collateral for new loans from
China’s central bank, the state-run Economic Information Daily said on
Wednesday. The newspaper, run by the official Xinhua News Agency, also said
that...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:58 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—A U.S. military helicopter conducting relief efforts in Nepal has
been declared missing, and was the subject of a U.S. search, military
officials said Tuesday.

Army Maj. Dave Eastburn, a spokesman for U.S. Pacific Command, said a UH-1Y
Huey helicopter was declared missing at 9 a.m. EDT.

There were six U.S. Marines and two...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:47 a.m. ET 

The two large earthquakes that struck Nepal on Tuesday were likely part of a
chain reaction triggered by the 7.8-magnitude temblor that ravaged the country
April 25 and weakened other fractures in the earth’s crust, according to
seismologists.

While it is impossible to predict the exact timing of an earthquake, the
occurrence of another large quake in the region wasn’t a surprise to experts.

The movement caused by the first...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:45 a.m. ET

GREENBURGH, N.Y.—Only 38 hours after he was walloped into the boards by
Washington’s Alexander Ovechkin, leaving his twice-separated left shoulder
drooping, Rangers captain Ryan McDonagh fully participated in the team’s
45-minute practice Tuesday.

“I feel good. No issues at all,” McDonagh said. “I’m just excited to play at
home tomorrow.”

...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:03 a.m. ET 

HONG KONG—Investors have withdrawn nearly $500 million from one of Hong Kong’s
most high-profile hedge-fund managers, Azentus Capital Management Ltd., in the
wake of lackluster performance.

Azentus’s assets under management stood at $139 million as of April 1,
according to a letter sent to investors and seen by The Wall Street Journal.
Azentus started trading with $1 billion in April 2011 amid much fanfare.
Investors flocked to the hot new fund, sending assets to a peak of about $2
billion within months, according to...

Updated May 12, 2015 9:49 p.m. ET

When Tim Armstrong took the reins at AOL in 2009, he had a clear plan: AOL was
going to be a top-notch digital content company that would lure premium
marketers to its properties. He put the company’s considerable cash pile to
use acquiring TechCrunch in 2010 and the Huffington Post in 2011.

But somewhere along the way, Mr. Armstrong saw the ground shifting in the
digital advertising business, and smelled an opportunity. Advertising...

Updated May 12, 2015 10:54 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The House is expected Wednesday to pass modified legislation
banning abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, months after concerns from
centrist and female Republicans derailed a vote on the bill.

The legislation stands little chance of becoming law, as President Barack
Obama is unlikely to sign it even if it clears Congress. Still, the bill
highlights the challenges Republicans face tackling an issue important to...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:36 a.m. ET

Morgan Stanley will pay $2 million to settle charges that a unit failed to
fully report its short interest positions over a period of more than six
years, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority said Wednesday.

Finra said that Morgan Stanley violated short interest reporting and short
sale rules by failing to completely and accurately...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:35 a.m. ET

LONDON—The Bank of England on Wednesday cut its growth forecasts for the U.K.
economy, but said it is still on course to raise interest rates in the middle
of next year.

In its first set of economic forecasts since last week’s national election,
the central bank trimmed its forecast for growth in the next few years in
response to sluggishness in Britain’s housing market and the risk that a
strong pound will hurt exports.

The...

Updated May 13, 2015 10:10 a.m. ET

General Electric Co. is putting its $5 billion Japanese commercial finance
operation up for sale, shedding a key piece of GE Capital’s Asia operations as
part of the company’s efforts to slim down, according to people familiar with
the situation.

The sale, which is still in the early stages, comes after GE Chief Executive
Jeff Immelt laid out plans last month to sell or spin off the bulk of the $500
billion in assets held by its GE Capital unit. It also follows GE’s
multibillion-dollar disposal in March of its consumer...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:06 p.m. ET

OMAHA, Neb.—The continuing bird-flu outbreak has spread into Nebraska, and
officials said Tuesday they plan to kill 1.7 million chickens on a farm where
the disease has been found.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection
Service said the presence of the illness on an egg farm in Dixon County in
northeast Nebraska...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:13 p.m. ET

Proposals to privatize federal air-traffic control services “likely raise
constitutional concerns,” according to a congressional report released Tuesday
that may set the stage for a bipartisan fight over the issue.

Requested by Oregon Rep. Peter DeFazio, the ranking Democrat on the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, the Congressional Research
Service study determined that a private, nonprofit entity could face...

Updated May 13, 2015 4:57 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Chinese hospital-investment firm Zhuhai Blue Ocean Strategy Medical
Co. plans to raise about US$1 billion in a Hong Kong initial public offering
in the third quarter, people familiar with the situation said, making it the
latest company to tap into rising demand for better health care among China’s
growing middle class.

The Guangdong province-based hospital operator and investor plans to submit an
application for listing approval to Hong Kong’s stock exchange in June, the
people said. In Hong Kong, companies...

Updated May 13, 2015 5:16 a.m. ET

Markets in Asia stabilized Wednesday with bonds recovering and stocks mostly
flattish, as recent pressure from a global bond selloff subsided.

Most major stock benchmarks, including the Hang Seng Index and the Nikkei
Stock Average, were fractionally changed, after U.S. stocks pared steep losses
and U.S. Treasury bonds rallied Tuesday.

Asia’s recovery came after a selloff Tuesday of stocks in India and Thailand,
currencies in...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:49 a.m. ET

BEIJING—China is moving to breathe fresh life into a plan to help local
authorities deal with their massive debt loads, as it sweetens the payout for
investors who buy newly issued local-government debt.

China will let local-government bonds be used as collateral for new loans from
China’s central bank, the state-run Economic Information Daily said on
Wednesday. The newspaper, run by the official Xinhua News Agency, also said
that...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:58 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—A U.S. military helicopter conducting relief efforts in Nepal has
been declared missing, and was the subject of a U.S. search, military
officials said Tuesday.

Army Maj. Dave Eastburn, a spokesman for U.S. Pacific Command, said a UH-1Y
Huey helicopter was declared missing at 9 a.m. EDT.

There were six U.S. Marines and two...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:47 a.m. ET 

The two large earthquakes that struck Nepal on Tuesday were likely part of a
chain reaction triggered by the 7.8-magnitude temblor that ravaged the country
April 25 and weakened other fractures in the earth’s crust, according to
seismologists.

While it is impossible to predict the exact timing of an earthquake, the
occurrence of another large quake in the region wasn’t a surprise to experts.

The movement caused by the first...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:45 a.m. ET

GREENBURGH, N.Y.—Only 38 hours after he was walloped into the boards by
Washington’s Alexander Ovechkin, leaving his twice-separated left shoulder
drooping, Rangers captain Ryan McDonagh fully participated in the team’s
45-minute practice Tuesday.

“I feel good. No issues at all,” McDonagh said. “I’m just excited to play at
home tomorrow.”

...

Updated May 13, 2015 12:03 a.m. ET 

HONG KONG—Investors have withdrawn nearly $500 million from one of Hong Kong’s
most high-profile hedge-fund managers, Azentus Capital Management Ltd., in the
wake of lackluster performance.

Azentus’s assets under management stood at $139 million as of April 1,
according to a letter sent to investors and seen by The Wall Street Journal.
Azentus started trading with $1 billion in April 2011 amid much fanfare.
Investors flocked to the hot new fund, sending assets to a peak of about $2
billion within months, according to...

Updated May 12, 2015 9:49 p.m. ET

When Tim Armstrong took the reins at AOL in 2009, he had a clear plan: AOL was
going to be a top-notch digital content company that would lure premium
marketers to its properties. He put the company’s considerable cash pile to
use acquiring TechCrunch in 2010 and the Huffington Post in 2011.

But somewhere along the way, Mr. Armstrong saw the ground shifting in the
digital advertising business, and smelled an opportunity. Advertising...

Updated May 12, 2015 10:54 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The House is expected Wednesday to pass modified legislation
banning abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy, months after concerns from
centrist and female Republicans derailed a vote on the bill.

The legislation stands little chance of becoming law, as President Barack
Obama is unlikely to sign it even if it clears Congress. Still, the bill
highlights the challenges Republicans face tackling an issue important to...

