Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:16 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON–President Barack Obama, responding personally for the first time to
a stinging critique delivered by former Defense Secretary Robert Gates in a
new memoir, said he did question his strategy for the war in Afghanistan.

"Part of your job as commander in chief is to sweat the details," Mr. Obama
said when asked whether he'd lost faith in his war strategy in Afghanistan, a
direct criticism in Mr. Gates's new memoir "Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at
War." Mr. Gates wrote that the president lost...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:17 a.m. ET

PHNOM PENH, Cambodia—The violent crackdown this month on Cambodia's largest-
ever garment strike points to how seriously Prime Minister Hun Sen deems the
threat of labor unions joining forces with the country's opposition movement
that is fervently challenging his long hold on power.

Tens of thousands of workers in Cambodia's largest export industry walked out
Dec. 24. After 10 days of protests, police fired on a crowd of striking
workers, killing at least four people and injuring dozens. Authorities
arrested 23 people...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 1:59 p.m. ET 

OSWEGO, N.Y.—Ford Motor Co.'s new F-150 pickup, the first high-volume vehicle
to be built with an all-aluminum body, is becoming the best news for a
troubled metals industry since beer cans were converted from steel in the
1970s.

Alcoa Inc. and Novelis, the top two U.S. aluminum sheet producers, invested
about $1 billion last year in U.S. factories producing metal for autos.

Here on the shores of Lake Ontario, a gleaming new...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 12:16 p.m. ET

European stocks closed higher on Friday after recovering from an earlier dip
prompted by disappointing U.S. data on December growth.

Data released early Friday showed that France's industrial output surged by
1.3% in November, against expectations for a 0.4% rise. The numbers were well
received by investors especially given France has recently...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:45 p.m. ET

At the annual National Economists' Club dinner in November, Ben Bernanke
suggested that the target for the federal-funds rate would remain near zero
for a considerable time. A man named Travis Painter, standing onstage,
simultaneously relayed the Federal Reserve chairman's words.

Mr. Painter is a sign-language interpreter for the deaf, a job that is nowhere
more sought-after and difficult than in acronym-and-jargon-filled
Washington,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:01 p.m. ET

Yum Brands Inc. said its same-store sales in China rose an estimated 2% during
December, but declined an estimated 4% for its fourth quarter.

December's was the second straight increase in monthly sales, but the gain was
short of analysts' expectations of 6% growth. The result also likely left
Yum's same-store sales in China—the company's...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:33 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—House and Senate negotiators Monday unveiled a $1.012 trillion bill
to fund the federal government for the next 8½ months, a compromise that marks
a temporary ceasefire in the budget wars that have rocked Congress and the
economy in recent years.

...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:55 p.m. ET 

TOKYO—Japan's current account posted its largest deficit on record in
November, as a weaker yen pushed up import costs but failed to give a strong
boost to exporters.

The deficit in the current account stood at ¥592.8 billion ($5.75 billion)
before seasonal adjustment, the Ministry of Finance said Tuesday. That is the
biggest deficit on record since comparable data became available in 1985. The
figure was much wider than the ¥380.0...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:29 p.m. ET

As New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie prepared for his Tuesday "state of the
state" address, Democratic lawmakers announced the formation of two
investigative committees that threaten to prolong the scandal over his aides'
closings of bridge lanes last year, allegedly for political retribution.

Meanwhile, a Monmouth University/Asbury Park Press poll showed the Republican
governor's approval rating in New Jersey had dropped since the scandal
escalated last week, but remained a robust 59%. Still, more than two-thirds...

Updated Jan. 14, 2014 7:53 a.m. ET

With more people using their smartphones to check for rain, the Weather
Channel's place in the television universe is suddenly uncertain.

In a dispute that captures how changing media habits are disrupting the
established TV world, DirecTV is seeking to reduce the fees it pays to carry
the Weather Channel by more than 20%, according to a person familiar with the
situation.

DirecTV's request has sparked a bitter confrontation...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:13 p.m. ET

CAIRO—Egyptians began voting on a draft for their country's constitution
Tuesday, in a vote that is expected to give the judiciary expanded authority
at a time when judges have been at the center of a crackdown on Islamists.

For decades under autocratic rule, Egypt's judges earned popular respect for
attempting to thwart vote rigging by the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:34 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The U.S. Senate confirmed Judge Robert Wilkins to a key federal
appeals court on Monday, the latest twist in the battle between Democrats and
Republicans over White House nominees.

The Senate voted 55-43 to confirm Mr. Wilkins to serve on the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He joins Patricia Millett and
Cornelia Pillard as the latest of President Barack Obama's nominees to join
the court, an...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:50 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The head of U.S. forces in Iraq at the time of the critical second
battle of Fallujah said he shares the frustration of many military veterans as
the city falls under the control of militants, but counseled patience.

Retired Army Gen. George Casey, the top American commander in Iraq from 2004
to 2007, said that conditions could improve under a future government in
Baghdad. Still, he said it was difficult for people who...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:25 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The Federal Bureau of Investigation doesn't plan to file criminal
charges over the Internal Revenue Service's heightened scrutiny of
conservative groups, law-enforcement officials said, a move that likely will
only intensify debate over the politically charged scandal.

The officials said investigators didn't find the kind of political bias or
"enemy hunting" that would amount to a violation of criminal law. Instead,
what emerged during the probe was evidence of a mismanaged bureaucracy
enforcing rules...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:41 p.m. ET

Tribal sheiks and al Qaeda-affiliated militants huddled in Iraq's embattled
city of Fallujah on Monday night in an effort to negotiate an end to a two-
week siege and avert a full-scale sectarian conflict.

The negotiations began a week ago, when Sunni tribal chiefs asked Prime
Minister Nouri al-Maliki, a Shiite, to pause the military's assault on the
city to give the Sunni sheiks time to persuade gunmen from the Islamic State
of Iraq...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:10 p.m. ET

French electric utility Electricite de France SA sold 100-year bonds, becoming
the first company to sell such debt in the U.S. in more than two years,
according to data provider Dealogic.

The utility offered $700 million in 100-year bonds to yield 2.40 percentage
points more than 30-year Treasurys. The 30-year Treasury bond yielded 3.768%
late...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:49 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and state attorneys
general are expanding a probe of for-profit colleges and their student-
lending practices, according to government officials and regulatory filings.

Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway, who chairs a group of 32 state
attorneys general investigating for-profit colleges, said states are working
with the CFPB to ferret out unfair or deceptive student lending and...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:13 p.m. ET

John Havens, once the No. 2 executive at Citigroup Inc., is coming out of
retirement to become chairman of a hedge-fund firm he oversaw when it was part
of the bank.

Mr. Havens, 57 years old, will help Napier Park Global Capital LLC, which
manages $5.6 billion in credit assets, court investors. He will work three
days a week from the firm's...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:19 p.m. ET

BELO HORIZONTE, Brazil—Argentine billionaire Eduardo Eurnekian is stepping in
to put wind back into the sails of a billion-dollar semiconductor project in
Brazil, originally a joint effort by the Brazilian government and entrepreneur
Eike Batista.

Mr. Eurnekian's holding company, Corporación América, reached a deal to buy
Mr. Batista's 33% stake in SIX Semicondutores, which is building Brazil's
first semiconductor plant, according to the Minas Gerais state government,
which is also an investor. Other partners include...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:55 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The U.S. Justice Department on Monday charged three former Rabobank
Group NV traders with fraud in connection with their alleged manipulation of
the key London interbank offered rate.

The three derivatives traders, Paul Robson of the U.K., Paul Thompson of
Australia and Tetsuya Motomura of Japan, allegedly manipulated the so-called
yen Libor by submitting false borrowing rates to the association that sets
the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:41 p.m. ET

One-third of health plan enrollees in new insurance marketplaces are 55 or
older, the Obama administration said Monday, a figure that insurers said makes
the pool older than they would need to sustain their coverage at current
premiums.

Administration officials said they are pushing to enroll more young people
before a March 31 deadline for most people to get coverage for this year, and
some cushions built into the law mean it won't...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:46 p.m. ET

Google Inc. is on your desktop, in your pocket and now wants to be on your
wall.

The search giant said Monday it is paying $3.2 billion to buy Nest Labs Inc.,
a closely held maker of "smart" thermostats and smoke alarms for homes.

The deal would be Google's second largest, behind its 2012 acquisition of
cellphone maker...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:24 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The Supreme Court seemed inclined to rein in the president's power
to make "recess appointments" when the Senate is out of town, as justices on
Monday suggested the practice under both parties had exceeded constitutional
limits.

The Constitution grants the president power "to fill up all Vacancies that may
happen during the Recess of the Senate," allowing appointees to serve
temporarily without...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:42 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday turned away Arizona's bid to
revive a state law that would have banned most abortions after a woman's
pregnancy reached 20 weeks.

The law, signed by Republican Gov. Jan Brewer in April 2012, would have barred
abortions past the 20-week mark except in cases of medical emergencies. The
San Francisco-based Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals stepped in and blocked
enforcement of the abortion...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:00 p.m. ET

Executives from some of France's biggest companies, including energy giants
GDF Suez SA and Alstom SA, are slated to fly to Tehran next month—signaling a
fresh wave of corporate interest in Iran as the West eases sanctions.

Details of the high-level business trip are emerging after Iran and Western
powers completed the terms of an interim nuclear deal on Sunday, with Tehran
agreeing to closer international monitoring of its nuclear...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:14 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Regulators are close to issuing a rule designed to provide relief
to banks that want to own certain types of debt investments without running
afoul of the so-called Volcker rule, according to people briefed on the
matter.

Regulatory agencies are planning to issue an interim final rule this week that
would allow banks to hold some collateralized debt obligations, or CDOs, as
long as they meet certain criteria, such as...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 2:27 p.m. ET

DETROIT—Ford Motor Co. said Monday its plans to open a new Indian car and
engine facility in 2015 remain on track and it has started exporting vehicles
from India to Western Europe for the first time despite growing economic
uncertainty in the South Asian country.

Ford said it is going ahead with a billion-dollar investment in a new factory
even though its smaller Japanese rival, Suzuki Motor Corp., last year put on
hold plans to...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:51 p.m. ET

Bratz doll maker MGA Entertainment Inc. has sued Mattel Inc. in a California
court for alleged unfair business practices at industry trade shows, the
latest twist in a long-running legal saga between the rival toy makers.

The legal battle between the companies appeared to come to a close after
Mattel paid nearly $138 million in legal fees related to the ownership dispute
over the Bratz dolls.

But with the latest lawsuit, MGA...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:04 p.m. ET

The European Union has published new guidelines aimed at clarifying the rights
of European migrant workers to claim social benefits in other EU member
states, amid public debate in countries such as Britain and Germany over
welfare payments to foreigners.

The issue of so-called benefit tourism has climbed the political agenda ahead
of European Parliament elections in May, which are expected to result in
significant gains by right-wing populist parties such as the U.K. Independence
Party and France's National Front. Public...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 2:27 p.m. ET

DETROIT—Cars are usually the stars of auto shows. But this year, Mary Barra is
giving the new models a run for their money.

Ms. Barra, who takes the helm of General Motors Co. on Wednesday, made her
public debut here at the North American International Auto Show over the
weekend.

On Monday, hordes of reporters, photographers and TV crews fell over
themselves, tripped over furniture and bounced off the walls to get at the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 2:07 p.m. ET

U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland, who was overseeing the continuing
wind-down of assets related to the Ponzi scheme orchestrated by Bernard
Madoff, died Sunday.

He died of bacterial pneumonia, said Cecelia Morris, chief judge of the U.S.
Bankruptcy...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 1:58 p.m. ET

U.S. drug distributor McKesson Corp. said it was unsuccessful in gaining the
necessary shareholder support of its offer for German rival Celesio AG,
despite a last-minute boosted bid.

The San Francisco-based company said Monday that it wasn't able to reach the
75% completion condition in its offer for Celesio's outstanding shares and
convertible bonds.

McKesson last week had improved its bid for Celesio to €23.50 a share from...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 2:26 p.m. ET

ROME—Alitalia Chief Executive Gabriele Del Torchio said Monday the troubled
airline may need to raise yet more capital even after its just-completed €300
million capital increase.

The fresh equity just raised is enough "if we hit all our business plan's
goals; otherwise another capital hike will be inevitable," Mr. Del Torchio
said.

...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:30 p.m. ET

U.S. Treasury prices advanced, extending the gains fueled by Friday's
disappointing payrolls report, as traders continued to wind down their bearish
positions.

At 3 p.m. EST, the benchmark 10-year note was up 9/32 in price, yielding
2.827%. The 30-year bond climbed 16/32 in price to yield 3.768%. Bond prices
rise when yields fall.

Treasurys rallied strongly after Friday's jobs report showing that the U.S.
economy added just...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 11:09 a.m. ET

Ally Financial Inc.'s board approved a measure that would restrict certain
shareholders from increasing their stake in the company ahead of expected
moves by the U.S. government to exit its majority stake in the auto lender.

The so-called protective amendment would preserve tax benefits that "otherwise
could be significantly limited if the company were to experience an ownership
change for U.S. federal income tax purposes,"...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:07 p.m. ET

DETROIT—Fresh from securing a deal to gain full control of Chrysler Group LLC,
Fiat SpA Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne on Monday outlined a lengthy list
of tasks he plans to complete by the end of the first quarter as he seeks to
realize his vision for merging the two auto makers.

As Fiat-Chrysler prepares to tackle that to-do list, Fiat Chairman John Elkann
said at a news conference that Mr. Marchionne had committed to stay on...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:45 p.m. ET

NEW YORK—The U.S. dollar edged higher against the pound Monday, a reversal
against one rival from its broad losses in the prior week caused by data
showing the U.S. labor market grew at a markedly slower pace than anticipated.

In recent trade, the British pound dropped to $1.6386 from $1.6486 late
Friday, while the dollar weakened to ¥102.99...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 12:15 p.m. ET

MOSCOW—The Bank of Russia said it would cut interventions to support the
Russian ruble in a step toward floating the national currency by 2015, a move
that will likely accelerate its weakening.

The central bank will eliminate daily sales totaling $60 million Monday,
preparing the market for when it ceases to support the exchange rate, the
bank...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:52 a.m. ET 

MUMBAI—Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd. said Monday that the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration found possible violations at the generic-drug maker's plant in
India's western state of Punjab.

Shares in the Indian company fell 5.4% in Mumbai on Monday amid the news, as
FDA warnings are often followed by import bans. Ranbaxy earns more than half
its...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:27 p.m. ET

The Dow industrials suffered their biggest one-day drop since Sept. 20, as
last week's disappointing jobs report continued to reverberate and investors
questioned whether stocks can sustain last year's rally.

Traders said no single piece of news drove the selloff, which came one session
after the weaker-than-expected jobs report clouded the economic outlook. The
Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 179.11 points, or 1.1%, to 16257.94,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 11:08 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Chinese state-owned food company Cofco Corp. offered to buy a
minority stake in Netherlands-based grain trader Nidera BV, the latest move by
the world's most-populous country to secure access to food resources.

Cofco submitted a binding bid for the stake last month, a person familiar with
the transaction said. The stake is valued at...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 12:05 p.m. ET

JAKARTA—Indonesia clarified a broad mineral-export ban Monday, closing the
door on the export of unprocessed ore but allowing shipments of so-called
concentrates, a shift that will permit some of the country's biggest foreign
miners to continue operations.

Speaking a day after the export ban went into effect without written
guidelines, Finance Minister Chatib Basri said miners in Southeast Asian's
largest economy can pay special taxes...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:58 a.m. ET

TEL AVIV—Ariel Sharon was buried on a hilltop in southern Israel on Monday,
hours after Israeli and world leaders paid tribute to the Israeli former
general and statesman for his focus on security even as some acknowledged
tensions with him.

Mr. Sharon, who died aged 85 on Saturday after lying in a coma for eight
years, was interred alongside his late wife, Lily, on an idyllic knoll,
nicknamed Anemone Hill for the red eponymous...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:27 a.m. ET

PARIS—U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and his Russian counterpart traded
barbs Monday over whether Iran—a major military backer of the regime of Syrian
leader Bashar al-Assad—should attend a peace conference in Switzerland later
this month.

Mr. Kerry met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in the French
capital to discuss how to bring Syria's fractious opposition forces to the
negotiating table with the Assad regime at a...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:29 a.m. ET

SOMETIMES CHRISTIE DIDN'T DO FAVORS FOR DEMOCRATS The scandal over the
temporary closure of New Jersey traffic lanes may be running out of steam.
Without new revelations of abuses, some Democratic pols are reduced to
complaining that they didn't get desired meeting appointments.

WHITE HOUSE DOES FAVOR FOR IRAN Iran will get sanctions relief in exchange for
promising not to enrich uranium beyond 5%. In the latest step in talks between
Iran and the U.S., France, Britain, Germany, Russia and China, the world
powers have...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:10 p.m. ET

FRANKFURT—Five breweries in Germany, Europe's biggest beer market, face fines
totaling more than €100 million, or about $137 million, for price fixing
following an investigation launched when Anheuser-Busch InBev NV blew the
whistle on the case.

Germany's Federal Cartel Office said Monday it would fine Bitburger
Braugruppe, Krombacher Brauerei, Veltins, Warsteiner, Privatbrauerei Ernst
Barre and seven individuals connected to the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:44 p.m. ET

The world is developing a fresh taste for Kentucky bourbon.

In a $13.6 billion all-cash deal, Osaka, Japan-based beer and soft-drinks
maker Suntory Holdings Ltd. agreed Monday to buy Beam Inc., the owner of Jim
Beam, Maker's Mark and Knob Creek bourbons and the second-largest maker of
American whiskey behind Brown-Forman Corp.

The acquisition would catapult family-owned Suntory from No. 15 in global
liquor dollar sales to No....

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 11:41 a.m. ET

LONDON—An independent Scotland wouldn't be directly responsible for repaying
its share of U.K. government bonds, the U.K. Treasury said Monday, in a move
intended to allay any investor concern over the value of gilts ahead of a
Scottish independence vote in September.

The U.K. government would continue to make repayments on all U.K. debt
instruments, mostly gilts, in essence guaranteeing Scotland's share of the
debt, the Treasury...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:22 p.m. ET

KAMPALA Uganda—The Rwandan presidency said Monday that dissidents plotting
against the government "will pay the price wherever they are," threatening to
ignite fresh tensions with regional governments less than two weeks after the
death of the country's former spy chief in South Africa.

The presidency quoted President Paul Kagame as saying that Kigali shouldn't be
held accountable for those who have turned against the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:17 p.m. ET

BRUSSELS—European regulators Monday launched a probe into some of Europe's
leading pay-TV channels and major U.S. film studios, saying they may have
violated antitrust rules in their licensing deals.

The U.K.'s British Sky Broadcasting Group PLC, France's Société d'Édition de
Canal Plus, Italy's Sky Italia, Sky Deutschland AG of Germany and Spain's
Distribuidora de Televisión Digital SA, or DTS, which operates under the Canal
Plus brand in Spain, are all under formal investigation over concerns that
their licensing...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:05 p.m. ET

Lululemon is having trouble getting past its problem pants.

The yoga-gear maker warned Monday that its sales for the quarter ending Feb. 2
will be weaker than expected due to a "meaningful" slowdown in January. The
news pushed Lululemon Athletica Inc.'s shares down more than 16% to $49.72 in
Monday trading.

John Currie, chief...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:28 a.m. ET

BANGKOK—After turning central Bangkok into a flag-waving sea of protest
Monday, antigovernment activists now say they are preparing to take their
campaign to the next level by seizing Thailand's stock exchange.

The protesters' drive to force Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office
and eliminate the influence of her brother, billionaire former leader Thaksin
Shinawatra, has been marked by a series of escalating protests, each...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:22 a.m. ET

TOULOUSE, France—Jet maker Airbus said it has no plans to ramp up production
of its best-selling, narrow-bodied A320 family of planes in the short term,
even as the model helped it post record jet orders and deliveries in 2013.

Airbus, a unit of aerospace and defense company Airbus Group NV, said it
delivered 626 commercial jets in 2013, a...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:48 p.m. ET

WELLINGTON, New Zealand—Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd. Tuesday confirmed it
found E. coli bacteria in some fresh cream products distributed in part of the
country's North Island.

"We can confirm and that's based on additional testing that was received
today," a spokesman said. He said the contamination had been traced to
Fonterra's Takanini plant in Auckland and the company was investigating how it
had occurred.

...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:41 p.m. ET

NEW YORK--Oil futures declined Monday after Iran said it would begin to curb
its nuclear program later this month, sparking concerns the pact would add
more crude to an already well-supplied market.

Light, sweet crude for February delivery declined 92 cents, or 1%, to $91.80 a
barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The U.S. contract, known...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:22 a.m. ET

Metro AG first-quarter sales fell from the same period a year ago, pressured
by currency effects and weak holiday business, as the German retailer
continues to pursue portfolio changes worldwide.

"All in all, our new financial year got off to a solid start in spite of the
still challenging economic backdrop; soft Christmas sales prevented a better
development," Chief Executive Olaf Koch said.

Sales in the quarter...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:39 a.m. ET

French oil company Total SA said it bought a 40% stake in two shale-gas
exploration licenses in the U.K., the first major oil company to invest in the
country's unconventional gas reserves.

The company's statement confirmed weekend reports, and while Total didn't
confirm the amount it plans to invest, people close to the matter estimated
the investment at $50 million.

The move is a tiny one by global energy industry standards,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:55 a.m. ET

LONDON—British energy-services company Amec PLC said Monday it has
provisionally agreed on a $3.2 billion cash and shares acquisition of
U.S.-listed but Switzerland-based rival Foster Wheeler AG.

Amec said the acquisition of Foster Wheeler would improve its geographic
reach, and more than double its revenue in designated growth regions such
as...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:39 a.m. ET

French oil company Total SA said it bought a 40% stake in two shale-gas
exploration licenses in the U.K., the first major oil company to invest in the
country's unconventional gas reserves.

The company's statement confirmed weekend reports, and while Total didn't
confirm the amount it plans to invest, people close to the matter estimated
the investment at $50 million.

The move is a tiny one by global energy industry standards,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:16 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON–President Barack Obama, responding personally for the first time to
a stinging critique delivered by former Defense Secretary Robert Gates in a
new memoir, said he did question his strategy for the war in Afghanistan.

"Part of your job as commander in chief is to sweat the details," Mr. Obama
said when asked whether he'd lost faith in his war strategy in Afghanistan, a
direct criticism in Mr. Gates's new memoir "Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at
War." Mr. Gates wrote that the president lost...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:17 a.m. ET

PHNOM PENH, Cambodia—The violent crackdown this month on Cambodia's largest-
ever garment strike points to how seriously Prime Minister Hun Sen deems the
threat of labor unions joining forces with the country's opposition movement
that is fervently challenging his long hold on power.

Tens of thousands of workers in Cambodia's largest export industry walked out
Dec. 24. After 10 days of protests, police fired on a crowd of striking
workers, killing at least four people and injuring dozens. Authorities
arrested 23 people...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 1:59 p.m. ET 

OSWEGO, N.Y.—Ford Motor Co.'s new F-150 pickup, the first high-volume vehicle
to be built with an all-aluminum body, is becoming the best news for a
troubled metals industry since beer cans were converted from steel in the
1970s.

Alcoa Inc. and Novelis, the top two U.S. aluminum sheet producers, invested
about $1 billion last year in U.S. factories producing metal for autos.

Here on the shores of Lake Ontario, a gleaming new...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 12:16 p.m. ET

European stocks closed higher on Friday after recovering from an earlier dip
prompted by disappointing U.S. data on December growth.

Data released early Friday showed that France's industrial output surged by
1.3% in November, against expectations for a 0.4% rise. The numbers were well
received by investors especially given France has recently...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:45 p.m. ET

At the annual National Economists' Club dinner in November, Ben Bernanke
suggested that the target for the federal-funds rate would remain near zero
for a considerable time. A man named Travis Painter, standing onstage,
simultaneously relayed the Federal Reserve chairman's words.

Mr. Painter is a sign-language interpreter for the deaf, a job that is nowhere
more sought-after and difficult than in acronym-and-jargon-filled
Washington,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:01 p.m. ET

Yum Brands Inc. said its same-store sales in China rose an estimated 2% during
December, but declined an estimated 4% for its fourth quarter.

December's was the second straight increase in monthly sales, but the gain was
short of analysts' expectations of 6% growth. The result also likely left
Yum's same-store sales in China—the company's...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:33 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—House and Senate negotiators Monday unveiled a $1.012 trillion bill
to fund the federal government for the next 8½ months, a compromise that marks
a temporary ceasefire in the budget wars that have rocked Congress and the
economy in recent years.

...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:55 p.m. ET 

TOKYO—Japan's current account posted its largest deficit on record in
November, as a weaker yen pushed up import costs but failed to give a strong
boost to exporters.

The deficit in the current account stood at ¥592.8 billion ($5.75 billion)
before seasonal adjustment, the Ministry of Finance said Tuesday. That is the
biggest deficit on record since comparable data became available in 1985. The
figure was much wider than the ¥380.0...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:29 p.m. ET

As New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie prepared for his Tuesday "state of the
state" address, Democratic lawmakers announced the formation of two
investigative committees that threaten to prolong the scandal over his aides'
closings of bridge lanes last year, allegedly for political retribution.

Meanwhile, a Monmouth University/Asbury Park Press poll showed the Republican
governor's approval rating in New Jersey had dropped since the scandal
escalated last week, but remained a robust 59%. Still, more than two-thirds...

Updated Jan. 14, 2014 7:53 a.m. ET

With more people using their smartphones to check for rain, the Weather
Channel's place in the television universe is suddenly uncertain.

In a dispute that captures how changing media habits are disrupting the
established TV world, DirecTV is seeking to reduce the fees it pays to carry
the Weather Channel by more than 20%, according to a person familiar with the
situation.

DirecTV's request has sparked a bitter confrontation...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:13 p.m. ET

CAIRO—Egyptians began voting on a draft for their country's constitution
Tuesday, in a vote that is expected to give the judiciary expanded authority
at a time when judges have been at the center of a crackdown on Islamists.

For decades under autocratic rule, Egypt's judges earned popular respect for
attempting to thwart vote rigging by the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:34 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The U.S. Senate confirmed Judge Robert Wilkins to a key federal
appeals court on Monday, the latest twist in the battle between Democrats and
Republicans over White House nominees.

The Senate voted 55-43 to confirm Mr. Wilkins to serve on the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He joins Patricia Millett and
Cornelia Pillard as the latest of President Barack Obama's nominees to join
the court, an...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:50 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The head of U.S. forces in Iraq at the time of the critical second
battle of Fallujah said he shares the frustration of many military veterans as
the city falls under the control of militants, but counseled patience.

Retired Army Gen. George Casey, the top American commander in Iraq from 2004
to 2007, said that conditions could improve under a future government in
Baghdad. Still, he said it was difficult for people who...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:25 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The Federal Bureau of Investigation doesn't plan to file criminal
charges over the Internal Revenue Service's heightened scrutiny of
conservative groups, law-enforcement officials said, a move that likely will
only intensify debate over the politically charged scandal.

The officials said investigators didn't find the kind of political bias or
"enemy hunting" that would amount to a violation of criminal law. Instead,
what emerged during the probe was evidence of a mismanaged bureaucracy
enforcing rules...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:41 p.m. ET

Tribal sheiks and al Qaeda-affiliated militants huddled in Iraq's embattled
city of Fallujah on Monday night in an effort to negotiate an end to a two-
week siege and avert a full-scale sectarian conflict.

The negotiations began a week ago, when Sunni tribal chiefs asked Prime
Minister Nouri al-Maliki, a Shiite, to pause the military's assault on the
city to give the Sunni sheiks time to persuade gunmen from the Islamic State
of Iraq...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:10 p.m. ET

French electric utility Electricite de France SA sold 100-year bonds, becoming
the first company to sell such debt in the U.S. in more than two years,
according to data provider Dealogic.

The utility offered $700 million in 100-year bonds to yield 2.40 percentage
points more than 30-year Treasurys. The 30-year Treasury bond yielded 3.768%
late...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:49 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and state attorneys
general are expanding a probe of for-profit colleges and their student-
lending practices, according to government officials and regulatory filings.

Kentucky Attorney General Jack Conway, who chairs a group of 32 state
attorneys general investigating for-profit colleges, said states are working
with the CFPB to ferret out unfair or deceptive student lending and...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:13 p.m. ET

John Havens, once the No. 2 executive at Citigroup Inc., is coming out of
retirement to become chairman of a hedge-fund firm he oversaw when it was part
of the bank.

Mr. Havens, 57 years old, will help Napier Park Global Capital LLC, which
manages $5.6 billion in credit assets, court investors. He will work three
days a week from the firm's...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:19 p.m. ET

BELO HORIZONTE, Brazil—Argentine billionaire Eduardo Eurnekian is stepping in
to put wind back into the sails of a billion-dollar semiconductor project in
Brazil, originally a joint effort by the Brazilian government and entrepreneur
Eike Batista.

Mr. Eurnekian's holding company, Corporación América, reached a deal to buy
Mr. Batista's 33% stake in SIX Semicondutores, which is building Brazil's
first semiconductor plant, according to the Minas Gerais state government,
which is also an investor. Other partners include...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:55 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The U.S. Justice Department on Monday charged three former Rabobank
Group NV traders with fraud in connection with their alleged manipulation of
the key London interbank offered rate.

The three derivatives traders, Paul Robson of the U.K., Paul Thompson of
Australia and Tetsuya Motomura of Japan, allegedly manipulated the so-called
yen Libor by submitting false borrowing rates to the association that sets
the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:41 p.m. ET

One-third of health plan enrollees in new insurance marketplaces are 55 or
older, the Obama administration said Monday, a figure that insurers said makes
the pool older than they would need to sustain their coverage at current
premiums.

Administration officials said they are pushing to enroll more young people
before a March 31 deadline for most people to get coverage for this year, and
some cushions built into the law mean it won't...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:46 p.m. ET

Google Inc. is on your desktop, in your pocket and now wants to be on your
wall.

The search giant said Monday it is paying $3.2 billion to buy Nest Labs Inc.,
a closely held maker of "smart" thermostats and smoke alarms for homes.

The deal would be Google's second largest, behind its 2012 acquisition of
cellphone maker...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:24 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The Supreme Court seemed inclined to rein in the president's power
to make "recess appointments" when the Senate is out of town, as justices on
Monday suggested the practice under both parties had exceeded constitutional
limits.

The Constitution grants the president power "to fill up all Vacancies that may
happen during the Recess of the Senate," allowing appointees to serve
temporarily without...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:42 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday turned away Arizona's bid to
revive a state law that would have banned most abortions after a woman's
pregnancy reached 20 weeks.

The law, signed by Republican Gov. Jan Brewer in April 2012, would have barred
abortions past the 20-week mark except in cases of medical emergencies. The
San Francisco-based Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals stepped in and blocked
enforcement of the abortion...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:00 p.m. ET

Executives from some of France's biggest companies, including energy giants
GDF Suez SA and Alstom SA, are slated to fly to Tehran next month—signaling a
fresh wave of corporate interest in Iran as the West eases sanctions.

Details of the high-level business trip are emerging after Iran and Western
powers completed the terms of an interim nuclear deal on Sunday, with Tehran
agreeing to closer international monitoring of its nuclear...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:14 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Regulators are close to issuing a rule designed to provide relief
to banks that want to own certain types of debt investments without running
afoul of the so-called Volcker rule, according to people briefed on the
matter.

Regulatory agencies are planning to issue an interim final rule this week that
would allow banks to hold some collateralized debt obligations, or CDOs, as
long as they meet certain criteria, such as...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 2:27 p.m. ET

DETROIT—Ford Motor Co. said Monday its plans to open a new Indian car and
engine facility in 2015 remain on track and it has started exporting vehicles
from India to Western Europe for the first time despite growing economic
uncertainty in the South Asian country.

Ford said it is going ahead with a billion-dollar investment in a new factory
even though its smaller Japanese rival, Suzuki Motor Corp., last year put on
hold plans to...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:51 p.m. ET

Bratz doll maker MGA Entertainment Inc. has sued Mattel Inc. in a California
court for alleged unfair business practices at industry trade shows, the
latest twist in a long-running legal saga between the rival toy makers.

The legal battle between the companies appeared to come to a close after
Mattel paid nearly $138 million in legal fees related to the ownership dispute
over the Bratz dolls.

But with the latest lawsuit, MGA...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:04 p.m. ET

The European Union has published new guidelines aimed at clarifying the rights
of European migrant workers to claim social benefits in other EU member
states, amid public debate in countries such as Britain and Germany over
welfare payments to foreigners.

The issue of so-called benefit tourism has climbed the political agenda ahead
of European Parliament elections in May, which are expected to result in
significant gains by right-wing populist parties such as the U.K. Independence
Party and France's National Front. Public...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 2:27 p.m. ET

DETROIT—Cars are usually the stars of auto shows. But this year, Mary Barra is
giving the new models a run for their money.

Ms. Barra, who takes the helm of General Motors Co. on Wednesday, made her
public debut here at the North American International Auto Show over the
weekend.

On Monday, hordes of reporters, photographers and TV crews fell over
themselves, tripped over furniture and bounced off the walls to get at the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 2:07 p.m. ET

U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland, who was overseeing the continuing
wind-down of assets related to the Ponzi scheme orchestrated by Bernard
Madoff, died Sunday.

He died of bacterial pneumonia, said Cecelia Morris, chief judge of the U.S.
Bankruptcy...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 1:58 p.m. ET

U.S. drug distributor McKesson Corp. said it was unsuccessful in gaining the
necessary shareholder support of its offer for German rival Celesio AG,
despite a last-minute boosted bid.

The San Francisco-based company said Monday that it wasn't able to reach the
75% completion condition in its offer for Celesio's outstanding shares and
convertible bonds.

McKesson last week had improved its bid for Celesio to €23.50 a share from...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 2:26 p.m. ET

ROME—Alitalia Chief Executive Gabriele Del Torchio said Monday the troubled
airline may need to raise yet more capital even after its just-completed €300
million capital increase.

The fresh equity just raised is enough "if we hit all our business plan's
goals; otherwise another capital hike will be inevitable," Mr. Del Torchio
said.

...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:30 p.m. ET

U.S. Treasury prices advanced, extending the gains fueled by Friday's
disappointing payrolls report, as traders continued to wind down their bearish
positions.

At 3 p.m. EST, the benchmark 10-year note was up 9/32 in price, yielding
2.827%. The 30-year bond climbed 16/32 in price to yield 3.768%. Bond prices
rise when yields fall.

Treasurys rallied strongly after Friday's jobs report showing that the U.S.
economy added just...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 11:09 a.m. ET

Ally Financial Inc.'s board approved a measure that would restrict certain
shareholders from increasing their stake in the company ahead of expected
moves by the U.S. government to exit its majority stake in the auto lender.

The so-called protective amendment would preserve tax benefits that "otherwise
could be significantly limited if the company were to experience an ownership
change for U.S. federal income tax purposes,"...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 8:07 p.m. ET

DETROIT—Fresh from securing a deal to gain full control of Chrysler Group LLC,
Fiat SpA Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne on Monday outlined a lengthy list
of tasks he plans to complete by the end of the first quarter as he seeks to
realize his vision for merging the two auto makers.

As Fiat-Chrysler prepares to tackle that to-do list, Fiat Chairman John Elkann
said at a news conference that Mr. Marchionne had committed to stay on...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:45 p.m. ET

NEW YORK—The U.S. dollar edged higher against the pound Monday, a reversal
against one rival from its broad losses in the prior week caused by data
showing the U.S. labor market grew at a markedly slower pace than anticipated.

In recent trade, the British pound dropped to $1.6386 from $1.6486 late
Friday, while the dollar weakened to ¥102.99...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 12:15 p.m. ET

MOSCOW—The Bank of Russia said it would cut interventions to support the
Russian ruble in a step toward floating the national currency by 2015, a move
that will likely accelerate its weakening.

The central bank will eliminate daily sales totaling $60 million Monday,
preparing the market for when it ceases to support the exchange rate, the
bank...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:52 a.m. ET 

MUMBAI—Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd. said Monday that the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration found possible violations at the generic-drug maker's plant in
India's western state of Punjab.

Shares in the Indian company fell 5.4% in Mumbai on Monday amid the news, as
FDA warnings are often followed by import bans. Ranbaxy earns more than half
its...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:27 p.m. ET

The Dow industrials suffered their biggest one-day drop since Sept. 20, as
last week's disappointing jobs report continued to reverberate and investors
questioned whether stocks can sustain last year's rally.

Traders said no single piece of news drove the selloff, which came one session
after the weaker-than-expected jobs report clouded the economic outlook. The
Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 179.11 points, or 1.1%, to 16257.94,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 11:08 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Chinese state-owned food company Cofco Corp. offered to buy a
minority stake in Netherlands-based grain trader Nidera BV, the latest move by
the world's most-populous country to secure access to food resources.

Cofco submitted a binding bid for the stake last month, a person familiar with
the transaction said. The stake is valued at...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 12:05 p.m. ET

JAKARTA—Indonesia clarified a broad mineral-export ban Monday, closing the
door on the export of unprocessed ore but allowing shipments of so-called
concentrates, a shift that will permit some of the country's biggest foreign
miners to continue operations.

Speaking a day after the export ban went into effect without written
guidelines, Finance Minister Chatib Basri said miners in Southeast Asian's
largest economy can pay special taxes...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:58 a.m. ET

TEL AVIV—Ariel Sharon was buried on a hilltop in southern Israel on Monday,
hours after Israeli and world leaders paid tribute to the Israeli former
general and statesman for his focus on security even as some acknowledged
tensions with him.

Mr. Sharon, who died aged 85 on Saturday after lying in a coma for eight
years, was interred alongside his late wife, Lily, on an idyllic knoll,
nicknamed Anemone Hill for the red eponymous...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:27 a.m. ET

PARIS—U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and his Russian counterpart traded
barbs Monday over whether Iran—a major military backer of the regime of Syrian
leader Bashar al-Assad—should attend a peace conference in Switzerland later
this month.

Mr. Kerry met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in the French
capital to discuss how to bring Syria's fractious opposition forces to the
negotiating table with the Assad regime at a...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:29 a.m. ET

SOMETIMES CHRISTIE DIDN'T DO FAVORS FOR DEMOCRATS The scandal over the
temporary closure of New Jersey traffic lanes may be running out of steam.
Without new revelations of abuses, some Democratic pols are reduced to
complaining that they didn't get desired meeting appointments.

WHITE HOUSE DOES FAVOR FOR IRAN Iran will get sanctions relief in exchange for
promising not to enrich uranium beyond 5%. In the latest step in talks between
Iran and the U.S., France, Britain, Germany, Russia and China, the world
powers have...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:10 p.m. ET

FRANKFURT—Five breweries in Germany, Europe's biggest beer market, face fines
totaling more than €100 million, or about $137 million, for price fixing
following an investigation launched when Anheuser-Busch InBev NV blew the
whistle on the case.

Germany's Federal Cartel Office said Monday it would fine Bitburger
Braugruppe, Krombacher Brauerei, Veltins, Warsteiner, Privatbrauerei Ernst
Barre and seven individuals connected to the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:44 p.m. ET

The world is developing a fresh taste for Kentucky bourbon.

In a $13.6 billion all-cash deal, Osaka, Japan-based beer and soft-drinks
maker Suntory Holdings Ltd. agreed Monday to buy Beam Inc., the owner of Jim
Beam, Maker's Mark and Knob Creek bourbons and the second-largest maker of
American whiskey behind Brown-Forman Corp.

The acquisition would catapult family-owned Suntory from No. 15 in global
liquor dollar sales to No....

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 11:41 a.m. ET

LONDON—An independent Scotland wouldn't be directly responsible for repaying
its share of U.K. government bonds, the U.K. Treasury said Monday, in a move
intended to allay any investor concern over the value of gilts ahead of a
Scottish independence vote in September.

The U.K. government would continue to make repayments on all U.K. debt
instruments, mostly gilts, in essence guaranteeing Scotland's share of the
debt, the Treasury...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:22 p.m. ET

KAMPALA Uganda—The Rwandan presidency said Monday that dissidents plotting
against the government "will pay the price wherever they are," threatening to
ignite fresh tensions with regional governments less than two weeks after the
death of the country's former spy chief in South Africa.

The presidency quoted President Paul Kagame as saying that Kigali shouldn't be
held accountable for those who have turned against the...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:17 p.m. ET

BRUSSELS—European regulators Monday launched a probe into some of Europe's
leading pay-TV channels and major U.S. film studios, saying they may have
violated antitrust rules in their licensing deals.

The U.K.'s British Sky Broadcasting Group PLC, France's Société d'Édition de
Canal Plus, Italy's Sky Italia, Sky Deutschland AG of Germany and Spain's
Distribuidora de Televisión Digital SA, or DTS, which operates under the Canal
Plus brand in Spain, are all under formal investigation over concerns that
their licensing...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:05 p.m. ET

Lululemon is having trouble getting past its problem pants.

The yoga-gear maker warned Monday that its sales for the quarter ending Feb. 2
will be weaker than expected due to a "meaningful" slowdown in January. The
news pushed Lululemon Athletica Inc.'s shares down more than 16% to $49.72 in
Monday trading.

John Currie, chief...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:28 a.m. ET

BANGKOK—After turning central Bangkok into a flag-waving sea of protest
Monday, antigovernment activists now say they are preparing to take their
campaign to the next level by seizing Thailand's stock exchange.

The protesters' drive to force Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office
and eliminate the influence of her brother, billionaire former leader Thaksin
Shinawatra, has been marked by a series of escalating protests, each...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:22 a.m. ET

TOULOUSE, France—Jet maker Airbus said it has no plans to ramp up production
of its best-selling, narrow-bodied A320 family of planes in the short term,
even as the model helped it post record jet orders and deliveries in 2013.

Airbus, a unit of aerospace and defense company Airbus Group NV, said it
delivered 626 commercial jets in 2013, a...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:48 p.m. ET

WELLINGTON, New Zealand—Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd. Tuesday confirmed it
found E. coli bacteria in some fresh cream products distributed in part of the
country's North Island.

"We can confirm and that's based on additional testing that was received
today," a spokesman said. He said the contamination had been traced to
Fonterra's Takanini plant in Auckland and the company was investigating how it
had occurred.

...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:41 p.m. ET

NEW YORK--Oil futures declined Monday after Iran said it would begin to curb
its nuclear program later this month, sparking concerns the pact would add
more crude to an already well-supplied market.

Light, sweet crude for February delivery declined 92 cents, or 1%, to $91.80 a
barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The U.S. contract, known...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 9:22 a.m. ET

Metro AG first-quarter sales fell from the same period a year ago, pressured
by currency effects and weak holiday business, as the German retailer
continues to pursue portfolio changes worldwide.

"All in all, our new financial year got off to a solid start in spite of the
still challenging economic backdrop; soft Christmas sales prevented a better
development," Chief Executive Olaf Koch said.

Sales in the quarter...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:39 a.m. ET

French oil company Total SA said it bought a 40% stake in two shale-gas
exploration licenses in the U.K., the first major oil company to invest in the
country's unconventional gas reserves.

The company's statement confirmed weekend reports, and while Total didn't
confirm the amount it plans to invest, people close to the matter estimated
the investment at $50 million.

The move is a tiny one by global energy industry standards,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:55 a.m. ET

LONDON—British energy-services company Amec PLC said Monday it has
provisionally agreed on a $3.2 billion cash and shares acquisition of
U.S.-listed but Switzerland-based rival Foster Wheeler AG.

Amec said the acquisition of Foster Wheeler would improve its geographic
reach, and more than double its revenue in designated growth regions such
as...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:39 a.m. ET

French oil company Total SA said it bought a 40% stake in two shale-gas
exploration licenses in the U.K., the first major oil company to invest in the
country's unconventional gas reserves.

The company's statement confirmed weekend reports, and while Total didn't
confirm the amount it plans to invest, people close to the matter estimated
the investment at $50 million.

The move is a tiny one by global energy industry standards,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:55 a.m. ET

LONDON—British energy-services company Amec PLC said Monday it has
provisionally agreed on a $3.2 billion cash and shares acquisition of
U.S.-listed but Switzerland-based rival Foster Wheeler AG.

Amec said the acquisition of Foster Wheeler would improve its geographic
reach, and more than double its revenue in designated growth regions such
as...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 1:54 a.m. ET

SYDNEY—Telstra Corp. said it is selling a majority stake in Sensis, publisher
of Australia's Yellow Pages telephone directory, reducing exposure to a
business that has struggled to compete with online rivals such as Google Inc.

Australia's biggest telecommunications company said Monday it was selling 70%
of Sensis to Platinum Equity, a U.S. private-equity firm. Sensis operates a
number of print and online directories in Australia,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:24 p.m. ET

Dunkin' Brands Group Inc. plans to open about 400 of its trademark doughnuts-
and-coffee restaurants in the U.S. this year, extending its expansion outside
its traditional base in the Northeast.

About 15% to 20% of the 380 to 410 net new Dunkin' Donuts stores planned for
this year will be in new markets in the West, the company is expected to
announce Monday. That is part of a push into states including California,
Colorado, and Texas where it sees big opportunities but where the chain is far
less well-known and has faced...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 12:23 a.m. ET

With Broadway productions of "Lombardi" and "Magic/Bird," producer Tony
Ponturo and his partner Fran Kirmser have tried to lure football and
basketball fans to the theater with stories of legendary athletes. The results
have not been not spectacular: "Lombardi" closed seven months after it opened,
and "Magic/Bird" only after a month.

But Mr. Ponturo is rolling the dice again with "Bronx Bombers." Real-life
husband and wife Peter Scolari and Tracy Shayne play Yogi and Carmen Berra in
a show that pays homage to Yankees history. The production is currently in
previews and will open on Feb. 6.

![A scene from 'Bronx Bombers.'](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/NY-
CU248_NYCOUN_P_20140112184857.jpg) ENLARGE

A scene from 'Bronx Bombers.' James Leynse

In the early stages of development, Mr. Ponturo approached Major League
Baseball not for fundraising but for the permission to use the trademark. In
partnership with Steiner Sports, they've converted the lobby of the Circle in
the Square Theatre into a gallery of memorabilia, some of which will be
auctioned off at select performances. The collection includes 21 autographed
baseballs, eight autographed seats and a turnstile from Yankees Stadium. "We
see it almost as a museum experience," he said.

Mr. Ponturo came to theater producing in 2008 after retiring as vice president
of global media and sports marketing at Anheuser-Busch, where he worked for 26
years. Over the past six years, he's been a producer on a handful of high-
achieving non-sports shows including "Memphis," "Glengarry Glen Ross," and
"Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"

"Each show is a new branding opportunity," he said. "I've found it very
similar to the first year of Bud Light."

--Lizzie Simon

  *   *   *   *   *   * Save Article
  * [Sign In to Save](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702303595404579316833133376254)
  * [Subscribe to WSJ](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpheader)
  *   *   *   * Text Size
  * Regular
  * Medium
  * Large
  *   *   * Google+ 
  * LinkedIn 
  *   * Print

0 comments

 [ ![Livefyre](https://d3qdfnco3bamip.cloudfront.net/wjs/v3.0/images/lf-
logo.png)](http://livefyre.com)

  * [Get Livefyre](http://livefyre.com)
  * [FAQ](http://support.livefyre.com)

Sign in

\+ Follow

Post comment



Link

Newest | Oldest

Show More Archives

Advertisement

####  Popular on WSJ

## Popular on WSJ

## Articles

  * [ ![Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI378_lego07_C_20150710174036.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

####  [Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-
tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

  * [ ![Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI676_GDEAL0_C_20150712194624.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

####  [Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-
ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

  * [ ![The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/RV-AQ661_FLAG_C_20150710164224.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

####  [The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

  * [ ![The Unaffordable Care Act](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI407_1costs_C_20150710184608.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

####  [Opinion: The Unaffordable Care Act](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-
unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

  * [ ![Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI645_KEYWOR_C_20150712171933.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

####  [Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future
Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-
greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

## Videos

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

#### [Mexican Drug Lord ‘El Chapo’ Guzmán Escapes](http://www.wsj.com/video
/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title
/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

#### [Djokovic Beats Federer to Win Wimbledon Title](http://www.wsj.com/video
/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-
83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

#### [Time-Lapse: Jaguar Lightweight E-Type Sports
Car](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv2_167x
94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv
2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-mastectomy-rebellion
/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

#### [The Double Mastectomy Rebellion](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-
mastectomy-rebellion/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-
9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/070915finnishbaseba
ll2_167x94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/07091
5finnishbaseball2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/inside-pesaepallo-
finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

#### [Inside Pesäpallo, Finland's Answer to Baseball](http://www.wsj.com/video
/inside-pesaepallo-finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

####  Editors' Picks

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF096_201507_D_20150713011254.jpg)

#### Stocks

###

[China Rally Gains Steam

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/asian-shares-mostly-up-on-hopes-for-
greece-1436749790?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_0)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF095_201507_D_20150712221605.jpg)

#### Markets

###

[Debt Load Digs Into Mining Industry

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/debt-load-digs-into-mining-
industry-1436729641?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_1)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI498_eugree_D_20150712100718.jpg)

#### Europe

###

[Europe Takes Hard Line With Greece

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-crisis-talks-
continue-1436691054?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_2)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI487_cgraft_D_20150712052101.jpg)

#### China

###

[Graft Probe Targets Vice President of China’s Highest Court

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/graft-probe-targets-vice-president-of-chinas-
highest-court-1436693940?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_3)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BT-AD028_NINTEN_D_20150712224557.jpg)

####  Obituary | 1959-2015

###

[Nintendo President Satoru Iwata Dies of Cancer

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/nintendo-president-satoru-iwata-dies-of-
cancer-1436747352?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_4)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI497_0712ir_D_20150712100301.jpg)

#### Middle East

###

[Europeans Press for Iran Deal Monday

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-warns-major-issues-remain-in-iran-
talks-1436712760?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_5)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI588_0712sm_D_20150712153525.jpg)

#### Tech

###

[Apple’s Share of Smartphone Industry’s Profits Soars to 92%

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/apples-share-of-smartphone-industrys-profits-
soars-to-92-1436727458?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_6)

  * [

![](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150513/indiabus_tv/indiabus_tv_512x288.jpg)

PLAY ](http://www.wsj.com/video/india-bus-tv-footage/F4616071-240A-4EAC-
AC96-8DAEBA86AB2C.html)

####

### [

India Bus TV Footage

](http://www.wsj.com/video/india-bus-tv-footage/F4616071-240A-4EAC-
AC96-8DAEBA86AB2C.html)

* [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/)
* Asia Edition

  * [U.S.](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Asia](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Europe](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [India](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [America Latina](http://lat.wsj.com)
  * [Brasil](http://br.wsj.com)
  * 中国[ (China)](http://cn.wsj.com/gb/index.asp)
  * 日本[ (Japan)](http://jp.wsj.com/)
  * 한국[ (Korea)](http://kr.wsj.com/)

Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India America Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) 한국
(Korea)

Text Size: Small Medium Large

[Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)[Sign In](https://id.wsj.co
m/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%
2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702303595404579316833133376254)

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Legal Policies](http://www.wsj.com/policy/legal-policies)

* * [Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)
* [Sign In](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702303595404579316833133376254)
* TOP«

* Subscribe

* [Why Subscribe?](http://subscription.wsj.com/)
* [WSJ+](http://www.wsjplus.com/)
* [Corporate Subscriptions](http://subscription.wsj.com/corporate/)
* [Apps](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/designtech-wsjModuleHome.html)
* [Professor Journal](http://professor.wsj.com/)
* [Student Journal](http://wsjstudent.com/)
* Customer Service

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Live Help](https://customercenter.wsj.com/livechat/chat?product=WSJ)
* [Redesign Guided Tour](http://www.wsj.com/guidedtour/)
* Tools & Features

* [Emails & Alerts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/email-setup.html)
* [Guides](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/guides.html)
* [My News](http://www.wsj.com/user/mynews/pages/reader)
* [Portfolio](http://portfolio.wsj.com)
* [RSS Feeds](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/rss_news_and_feeds.html)
* [Topics](http://topics.wsj.com)
* [Video Center](http://www.wsj.com/video)
* [Watchlist](http://www.wsj.com/user/personalization/watchlist)
* Ads

* [Advertise](http://www.wsjmediakit.com)
* [Advertise Locally](http://www.wsjlocal.com)
* [Commercial Real Estate Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Commercial-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Place a Classified Ad](http://classifieds.wsj.com)
* [Sell Your Business](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Business-For-Sale-Ads)
* [Sell Your Home](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Residential-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Recruitment & Career Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Job-Ads)
* More

* [Content Partnerships](http://wsj.com/partner)
* [Corrections](http://www.wsj.com/news/column/Corrections)
* [Jobs at WSJ](http://www.dowjones.com/careers.asp)
* [Make Time](http://www.wsj.com/maketime)
* [News Archive](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/archive.html)
* [Register for Free](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/register_standalone.html)
* [Reprints](http://www.djreprints.com)

  * [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/wsj)
  * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/WSJ)
  * [Google+](https://plus.google.com/117720626238470886461/posts)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-wall-street-journal)
  * [YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/user/WSJDigitalNetwork)
  * [Podcasts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/podcast.html)
  * [GooglePlay](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wsj.reader_sp)
  * [AppStore](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-wall-street-journal./id364387007?mt=8)

* Dow Jones Products
* [Barron's](http://online.barrons.com/home-page)
* [BigCharts](http://bigcharts.marketwatch.com)
* [DJX](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/wsj-x-marketing.html)
* [Dow Jones Newswires](http://new.dowjones.com/products/dj-news)
* [Factiva](https://global.factiva.com/factivalogin/login.asp?productname=global)
* [Financial News](http://www.efinancialnews.com)
* [Mansion Global](http://mansionglobal.com)
* [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com)
* [Private Markets](http://pevc.dowjones.com)
* [realtor.com](http://www.realtor.com)
* [Risk & Compliance](https://djlogin.dowjones.com/login.asp?productname=rnc)
* [WSJ Conference](http://www.wsj.com/conferences)
* [WSJ Video](http://live.wsj.com)
* [WSJ Wine](http://www.wsjwine.com)

* [Privacy Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/privacy-policy)
* [Cookie Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy)
* [Copyright Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/copyright-policy)
* [Data Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/data-policy)
* [Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use](http://www.wsj.com/policy/subscriber-agreement)
* [Your Ad Choices](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy#cookies_advertising)
* Copyright (C)2015 [Dow Jones & Company](http://www.dowjones.com), Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Copyright 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved

This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use
of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright
law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow
Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:08 a.m. ET

SYDNEY—The number of jobs advertised in Australian newspapers and websites
fell at a slower pace than in recent months, boosting confidence the economy
is warming up to hefty rate cuts over the past two years.

Job ads fell by 0.3% in December from November in trend-adjusted terms,
continuing the slowing trend-rate decline since the middle of last...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:39 a.m. ET

LONDON—France's Total SA said Monday it bought a 40% stake in two shale-gas
exploration licenses in the U.K.—marking the first time one of the world's
major oil companies has turned its attention to Britain's unconventional gas
reserves.

The move is a tiny one by global energy industry standards—representing an
initial investment of under $50 million, according to people familiar with the
matter. Total didn't announce Monday the amount it plans to invest. But
Total's decision is a significant vote of confidence in...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:42 a.m. ET

SHANGHAI--Five Chinese companies seeking to raise collectively around US$195
million said they planned to postpone their initial public offerings,
following newly released rules aimed at preventing overpriced flotations in
China's recently reopened IPO market.

The five, including three information-technology companies, were among 51
companies that received the go-ahead from the China Securities Regulatory
Commission to list after the country ended a more-than-yearlong IPO freeze two
weeks ago. They called off their IPOs...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:01 a.m. ET

Asian stock markets were mixed on Monday and the dollar weakened against a
number of regional currencies after a disappointing U.S. labor report.

U.S. job growth slowed markedly in December, with just 74,000 jobs created in
the world's largest economy compared with growth of 200,000 or more in the
prior two months, according to data released on Friday after the Asian trading
session. This was significantly below expectations of a...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 11:27 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Hong Kong is looking like a serious contender to regain the initial-
public-offering crown it held from 2009 through 2011.

With January not half over, Hong Kong has two major IPOs on its slate. The
Chinese pork producer that bought Smithfield Foods Inc. intends to raise about
US$5 billion in April, people familiar with the matter said Monday, and local
tycoon Li Ka-shing will take orders Tuesday for a $3.6 billion listing of...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:07 p.m. ET

Three agricultural companies sued Friday to overturn a new law in Hawaii that
would restrict the planting and spraying of genetically modified crops, the
latest dispute in an escalating battle nationally over GMO seeds.

Units of DuPont Co., Syngenta AG and Dow Chemical Co. aim to block a law, set
to take effect in August on the island of Kauai, that would restrict most crop
growing and pesticide spraying near schools and nursing...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:48 p.m. ET

The site of a West Virginia chemical spill that contaminated the water supply
for 300,000 people operated largely outside government oversight, highlighting
gaps in regulations and prompting questions on whether local communities have
a firm grasp on potential threats to drinking water.

The storage facility owned by Freedom Industries Inc. on the banks of the Elk
River was subject to almost no state and local monitoring, interviews and
records show. The industrial chemical that leaked into the river,
4-methylcyclohexane...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:03 a.m. ET

CHARLESTON, W.Va.—Tap water service in this region should be restored in the
next few days as a chemical that tainted the supply has begun to dissipate
after causing widespread worry and inconvenience since Thursday, officials
said Sunday.

Authorities said tests Sunday showed the situation improving and that they
were moving to the next stage of the cleanup.

The chemical had been tested at below one part per million, an...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:39 a.m. ET

French oil company Total SA said it bought a 40% stake in two shale-gas
exploration licenses in the U.K., the first major oil company to invest in the
country's unconventional gas reserves.

The company's statement confirmed weekend reports, and while Total didn't
confirm the amount it plans to invest, people close to the matter estimated
the investment at $50 million.

The move is a tiny one by global energy industry standards,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 3:55 a.m. ET

LONDON—British energy-services company Amec PLC said Monday it has
provisionally agreed on a $3.2 billion cash and shares acquisition of
U.S.-listed but Switzerland-based rival Foster Wheeler AG.

Amec said the acquisition of Foster Wheeler would improve its geographic
reach, and more than double its revenue in designated growth regions such
as...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 1:54 a.m. ET

SYDNEY—Telstra Corp. said it is selling a majority stake in Sensis, publisher
of Australia's Yellow Pages telephone directory, reducing exposure to a
business that has struggled to compete with online rivals such as Google Inc.

Australia's biggest telecommunications company said Monday it was selling 70%
of Sensis to Platinum Equity, a U.S. private-equity firm. Sensis operates a
number of print and online directories in Australia,...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 5:24 p.m. ET

Dunkin' Brands Group Inc. plans to open about 400 of its trademark doughnuts-
and-coffee restaurants in the U.S. this year, extending its expansion outside
its traditional base in the Northeast.

About 15% to 20% of the 380 to 410 net new Dunkin' Donuts stores planned for
this year will be in new markets in the West, the company is expected to
announce Monday. That is part of a push into states including California,
Colorado, and Texas where it sees big opportunities but where the chain is far
less well-known and has faced...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 12:23 a.m. ET

With Broadway productions of "Lombardi" and "Magic/Bird," producer Tony
Ponturo and his partner Fran Kirmser have tried to lure football and
basketball fans to the theater with stories of legendary athletes. The results
have not been not spectacular: "Lombardi" closed seven months after it opened,
and "Magic/Bird" only after a month.

But Mr. Ponturo is rolling the dice again with "Bronx Bombers." Real-life
husband and wife Peter Scolari and Tracy Shayne play Yogi and Carmen Berra in
a show that pays homage to Yankees history. The production is currently in
previews and will open on Feb. 6.

![A scene from 'Bronx Bombers.'](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/NY-
CU248_NYCOUN_P_20140112184857.jpg) ENLARGE

A scene from 'Bronx Bombers.' James Leynse

In the early stages of development, Mr. Ponturo approached Major League
Baseball not for fundraising but for the permission to use the trademark. In
partnership with Steiner Sports, they've converted the lobby of the Circle in
the Square Theatre into a gallery of memorabilia, some of which will be
auctioned off at select performances. The collection includes 21 autographed
baseballs, eight autographed seats and a turnstile from Yankees Stadium. "We
see it almost as a museum experience," he said.

Mr. Ponturo came to theater producing in 2008 after retiring as vice president
of global media and sports marketing at Anheuser-Busch, where he worked for 26
years. Over the past six years, he's been a producer on a handful of high-
achieving non-sports shows including "Memphis," "Glengarry Glen Ross," and
"Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?"

"Each show is a new branding opportunity," he said. "I've found it very
similar to the first year of Bud Light."

--Lizzie Simon

  *   *   *   *   *   * Save Article
  * [Sign In to Save](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702303595404579316833133376254)
  * [Subscribe to WSJ](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpheader)
  *   *   *   * Text Size
  * Regular
  * Medium
  * Large
  *   *   * Google+ 
  * LinkedIn 
  *   * Print

0 comments

 [ ![Livefyre](https://d3qdfnco3bamip.cloudfront.net/wjs/v3.0/images/lf-
logo.png)](http://livefyre.com)

  * [Get Livefyre](http://livefyre.com)
  * [FAQ](http://support.livefyre.com)

Sign in

\+ Follow

Post comment



Link

Newest | Oldest

Show More Archives

Advertisement

####  Popular on WSJ

## Popular on WSJ

## Articles

  * [ ![Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI378_lego07_C_20150710174036.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

####  [Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-
tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

  * [ ![Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI676_GDEAL0_C_20150712194624.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

####  [Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-
ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

  * [ ![The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/RV-AQ661_FLAG_C_20150710164224.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

####  [The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

  * [ ![The Unaffordable Care Act](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI407_1costs_C_20150710184608.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

####  [Opinion: The Unaffordable Care Act](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-
unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

  * [ ![Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI645_KEYWOR_C_20150712171933.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

####  [Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future
Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-
greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

## Videos

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

#### [Mexican Drug Lord ‘El Chapo’ Guzmán Escapes](http://www.wsj.com/video
/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title
/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

#### [Djokovic Beats Federer to Win Wimbledon Title](http://www.wsj.com/video
/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-
83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

#### [Time-Lapse: Jaguar Lightweight E-Type Sports
Car](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv2_167x
94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv
2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-mastectomy-rebellion
/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

#### [The Double Mastectomy Rebellion](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-
mastectomy-rebellion/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-
9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/070915finnishbaseba
ll2_167x94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/07091
5finnishbaseball2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/inside-pesaepallo-
finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

#### [Inside Pesäpallo, Finland's Answer to Baseball](http://www.wsj.com/video
/inside-pesaepallo-finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

####  Editors' Picks

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF096_201507_D_20150713011254.jpg)

#### Stocks

###

[China Rally Gains Steam

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/asian-shares-mostly-up-on-hopes-for-
greece-1436749790?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_0)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF095_201507_D_20150712221605.jpg)

#### Markets

###

[Debt Load Digs Into Mining Industry

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/debt-load-digs-into-mining-
industry-1436729641?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_1)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI498_eugree_D_20150712100718.jpg)

#### Europe

###

[Europe Takes Hard Line With Greece

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-crisis-talks-
continue-1436691054?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_2)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI487_cgraft_D_20150712052101.jpg)

#### China

###

[Graft Probe Targets Vice President of China’s Highest Court

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/graft-probe-targets-vice-president-of-chinas-
highest-court-1436693940?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_3)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BT-AD028_NINTEN_D_20150712224557.jpg)

####  Obituary | 1959-2015

###

[Nintendo President Satoru Iwata Dies of Cancer

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/nintendo-president-satoru-iwata-dies-of-
cancer-1436747352?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_4)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI497_0712ir_D_20150712100301.jpg)

#### Middle East

###

[Europeans Press for Iran Deal Monday

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-warns-major-issues-remain-in-iran-
talks-1436712760?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_5)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI588_0712sm_D_20150712153525.jpg)

#### Tech

###

[Apple’s Share of Smartphone Industry’s Profits Soars to 92%

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/apples-share-of-smartphone-industrys-profits-
soars-to-92-1436727458?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_6)

  * [

![](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150513/indiabus_tv/indiabus_tv_512x288.jpg)

PLAY ](http://www.wsj.com/video/india-bus-tv-footage/F4616071-240A-4EAC-
AC96-8DAEBA86AB2C.html)

####

### [

India Bus TV Footage

](http://www.wsj.com/video/india-bus-tv-footage/F4616071-240A-4EAC-
AC96-8DAEBA86AB2C.html)

* [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/)
* Asia Edition

  * [U.S.](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Asia](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Europe](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [India](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [America Latina](http://lat.wsj.com)
  * [Brasil](http://br.wsj.com)
  * 中国[ (China)](http://cn.wsj.com/gb/index.asp)
  * 日本[ (Japan)](http://jp.wsj.com/)
  * 한국[ (Korea)](http://kr.wsj.com/)

Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India America Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) 한국
(Korea)

Text Size: Small Medium Large

[Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)[Sign In](https://id.wsj.co
m/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%
2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702303595404579316833133376254)

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Legal Policies](http://www.wsj.com/policy/legal-policies)

* * [Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)
* [Sign In](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702303595404579316833133376254)
* TOP«

* Subscribe

* [Why Subscribe?](http://subscription.wsj.com/)
* [WSJ+](http://www.wsjplus.com/)
* [Corporate Subscriptions](http://subscription.wsj.com/corporate/)
* [Apps](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/designtech-wsjModuleHome.html)
* [Professor Journal](http://professor.wsj.com/)
* [Student Journal](http://wsjstudent.com/)
* Customer Service

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Live Help](https://customercenter.wsj.com/livechat/chat?product=WSJ)
* [Redesign Guided Tour](http://www.wsj.com/guidedtour/)
* Tools & Features

* [Emails & Alerts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/email-setup.html)
* [Guides](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/guides.html)
* [My News](http://www.wsj.com/user/mynews/pages/reader)
* [Portfolio](http://portfolio.wsj.com)
* [RSS Feeds](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/rss_news_and_feeds.html)
* [Topics](http://topics.wsj.com)
* [Video Center](http://www.wsj.com/video)
* [Watchlist](http://www.wsj.com/user/personalization/watchlist)
* Ads

* [Advertise](http://www.wsjmediakit.com)
* [Advertise Locally](http://www.wsjlocal.com)
* [Commercial Real Estate Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Commercial-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Place a Classified Ad](http://classifieds.wsj.com)
* [Sell Your Business](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Business-For-Sale-Ads)
* [Sell Your Home](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Residential-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Recruitment & Career Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Job-Ads)
* More

* [Content Partnerships](http://wsj.com/partner)
* [Corrections](http://www.wsj.com/news/column/Corrections)
* [Jobs at WSJ](http://www.dowjones.com/careers.asp)
* [Make Time](http://www.wsj.com/maketime)
* [News Archive](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/archive.html)
* [Register for Free](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/register_standalone.html)
* [Reprints](http://www.djreprints.com)

  * [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/wsj)
  * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/WSJ)
  * [Google+](https://plus.google.com/117720626238470886461/posts)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-wall-street-journal)
  * [YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/user/WSJDigitalNetwork)
  * [Podcasts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/podcast.html)
  * [GooglePlay](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wsj.reader_sp)
  * [AppStore](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-wall-street-journal./id364387007?mt=8)

* Dow Jones Products
* [Barron's](http://online.barrons.com/home-page)
* [BigCharts](http://bigcharts.marketwatch.com)
* [DJX](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/wsj-x-marketing.html)
* [Dow Jones Newswires](http://new.dowjones.com/products/dj-news)
* [Factiva](https://global.factiva.com/factivalogin/login.asp?productname=global)
* [Financial News](http://www.efinancialnews.com)
* [Mansion Global](http://mansionglobal.com)
* [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com)
* [Private Markets](http://pevc.dowjones.com)
* [realtor.com](http://www.realtor.com)
* [Risk & Compliance](https://djlogin.dowjones.com/login.asp?productname=rnc)
* [WSJ Conference](http://www.wsj.com/conferences)
* [WSJ Video](http://live.wsj.com)
* [WSJ Wine](http://www.wsjwine.com)

* [Privacy Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/privacy-policy)
* [Cookie Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy)
* [Copyright Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/copyright-policy)
* [Data Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/data-policy)
* [Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use](http://www.wsj.com/policy/subscriber-agreement)
* [Your Ad Choices](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy#cookies_advertising)
* Copyright (C)2015 [Dow Jones & Company](http://www.dowjones.com), Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Copyright 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved

This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use
of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright
law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow
Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:08 a.m. ET

SYDNEY—The number of jobs advertised in Australian newspapers and websites
fell at a slower pace than in recent months, boosting confidence the economy
is warming up to hefty rate cuts over the past two years.

Job ads fell by 0.3% in December from November in trend-adjusted terms,
continuing the slowing trend-rate decline since the middle of last...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:39 a.m. ET

LONDON—France's Total SA said Monday it bought a 40% stake in two shale-gas
exploration licenses in the U.K.—marking the first time one of the world's
major oil companies has turned its attention to Britain's unconventional gas
reserves.

The move is a tiny one by global energy industry standards—representing an
initial investment of under $50 million, according to people familiar with the
matter. Total didn't announce Monday the amount it plans to invest. But
Total's decision is a significant vote of confidence in...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 7:42 a.m. ET

SHANGHAI--Five Chinese companies seeking to raise collectively around US$195
million said they planned to postpone their initial public offerings,
following newly released rules aimed at preventing overpriced flotations in
China's recently reopened IPO market.

The five, including three information-technology companies, were among 51
companies that received the go-ahead from the China Securities Regulatory
Commission to list after the country ended a more-than-yearlong IPO freeze two
weeks ago. They called off their IPOs...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:01 a.m. ET

Asian stock markets were mixed on Monday and the dollar weakened against a
number of regional currencies after a disappointing U.S. labor report.

U.S. job growth slowed markedly in December, with just 74,000 jobs created in
the world's largest economy compared with growth of 200,000 or more in the
prior two months, according to data released on Friday after the Asian trading
session. This was significantly below expectations of a...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 11:27 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Hong Kong is looking like a serious contender to regain the initial-
public-offering crown it held from 2009 through 2011.

With January not half over, Hong Kong has two major IPOs on its slate. The
Chinese pork producer that bought Smithfield Foods Inc. intends to raise about
US$5 billion in April, people familiar with the matter said Monday, and local
tycoon Li Ka-shing will take orders Tuesday for a $3.6 billion listing of...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 4:07 p.m. ET

Three agricultural companies sued Friday to overturn a new law in Hawaii that
would restrict the planting and spraying of genetically modified crops, the
latest dispute in an escalating battle nationally over GMO seeds.

Units of DuPont Co., Syngenta AG and Dow Chemical Co. aim to block a law, set
to take effect in August on the island of Kauai, that would restrict most crop
growing and pesticide spraying near schools and nursing...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 6:48 p.m. ET

The site of a West Virginia chemical spill that contaminated the water supply
for 300,000 people operated largely outside government oversight, highlighting
gaps in regulations and prompting questions on whether local communities have
a firm grasp on potential threats to drinking water.

The storage facility owned by Freedom Industries Inc. on the banks of the Elk
River was subject to almost no state and local monitoring, interviews and
records show. The industrial chemical that leaked into the river,
4-methylcyclohexane...

Updated Jan. 13, 2014 10:03 a.m. ET

CHARLESTON, W.Va.—Tap water service in this region should be restored in the
next few days as a chemical that tainted the supply has begun to dissipate
after causing widespread worry and inconvenience since Thursday, officials
said Sunday.

Authorities said tests Sunday showed the situation improving and that they
were moving to the next stage of the cleanup.

The chemical had been tested at below one part per million, an...

