Updated May 12, 2015 7:36 p.m. ET

European grocery chains Royal Ahold NV and Delhaize Group—which generate much
of their sales in the U.S.— said they are discussing a merger that could
create one of the largest supermarket operators in North America.

The companies gave no details in their brief statements confirming the talks
following European media reports. A combined company would be valued at €22.91
billion, or $25.79 billion, based on closing share prices...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:36 p.m. ET

European grocery chains Royal Ahold NV and Delhaize Group—which generate much
of their sales in the U.S.— said they are discussing a merger that could
create one of the largest supermarket operators in North America.

The companies gave no details in their brief statements confirming the talks
following European media reports. A combined company would be valued at €22.91
billion, or $25.79 billion, based on closing share prices...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:32 p.m. ET

LONDON—A crisis over the largest Ebola epidemic on record could have been
averted if the World Health Organizationhad moved faster to seek outside
support, an international panel of experts has found after an initial review
of the agency’s response to the deadly outbreak in West Africa.

An independent panel led by Barbara Stocking, former head of humanitarian
charity Oxfam, said in its first report on the agency’s response to Ebola...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:00 a.m. ET

Good morning,

From Russia With Love

In the first top-level U.S. visit in two years, Secretary of State John Kerry
has arrived in Sochi, Russia, today to meet President Vladimir Putin. His
principal objective is to reverse Mr. Putin’s stance in Syria, where his
longtime ally, President Bashar al-Assad, has suffered a succession of losses
and a U.S. military-backed program to train rebels has begun. Mr. Kerry also
wants Mr. Putin’s continued cooperation in nuclear talks with Iran, yet he
will also denounce Russia’s role in...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:35 p.m. ET

European bonds and stocks were hit with a renewed selloff Tuesday, as recent
signs of a return to stability in the market proved short-lived.

After a brief pause at the end of last week, the global bond rout continued to
ripple across markets as many of the most successful trades from the early
part of 2015 suffer sharp reversals.

The latest wave of selling was sparked by Monday’s weakness in the U.S.
Treasury market, where...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:06 p.m. ET

BAAN NA KLUEA, Thailand—Buddhist monks aren’t really known for dipping into
the material world of finance. Phra Subin Paneeto, though, says he felt he
didn’t have much choice when he saw his neighbors near Thailand’s border with
Cambodia were struggling to make ends meet.

So, in the early 1990s, he started a microlending operation with a few...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:19 p.m. ET

MUNICH—Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola had six days to plot the
impossible.

Not only does he have to beat the most rampant side in Europe on Tuesday
night. He has to do it after spotting it a 3-0 lead. He must take the battered
personnel in front of him and send it out to score four times. And, further
complicating matters, Bayern needs to...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:49 p.m. ET

The latest high-end homes come with master suites that are so vast and
lavishly appointed, you never have to leave the bedroom.

With boutique-style closets, media rooms, offices, gyms and even kitchenettes
and laundry rooms, many masters are larger than average-size houses.

The penthouse master suite of the new L’Atelier Residences in...

Updated May 12, 2015 1:48 p.m. ET

ATHENS—The head of Greek bank-rescue fund Anastasia Sakellariou has resigned,
the fund said in a statement Tuesday.

Early last year a Greek prosecutor had recommended that Ms. Sakellariou be
charged with breach of trust for her role in loans issued by her former
employer, state-owned Hellenic Postbank.

“The CEO position has to be covered...

Updated May 12, 2015 10:45 a.m. ET

The NFL suspended New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady for the opening
four games of the 2015 season for his involvement in the “Deflategate”
scandal.

The league, which announced the suspension on Monday, also docked the Patriots
a 2016 first-round draft pick and a 2017 fourth-round one, and imposed a $1
million fine for deliberately...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:00 p.m. ET

Everyone enjoys a good Yogi-ism, or has a favorite Yogi Berra story—whether or
not it’s actually true. Here’s mine: One spring, when Yogi was managing the
Yankees, a streaker darted onto the field in nothing but a pair of sneakers
and a paper bag. Asked later whether the streaker was a man or woman, Yogi
purportedly replied, “I don’t know, they had a bag over their head.”

On the occasion of Berra’s 90th birthday on Tuesday, there will surely be a
flood of yarns and one-liners that have come to define the Hall of Fame...

Updated May 12, 2015 10:23 a.m. ET

Noel Whittall, 77, a writer and motorcyclist from Rawdon, England, on his 1918
Triumph Model H, as told to A.J. Baime.

I got my 1918 Triumph in 2002, as a trade for an even older Triumph. I’ve
ridden it through Holland, Belgium, Germany, and all over Britain. Once I took
the bike from Switzerland to the Mediterranean and back, via the highest
Alpine passes in France.

The Model H—built by Triumph of Coventry, England—is most...

Updated May 12, 2015 4:45 p.m. ET

The lawyer who led the NFL’s investigation into the Deflategate controversy
issued a public defense of his report on Tuesday, saying that it is wrong to
question his independence on the matter.

Ted Wells, a Manhattan attorney, found that New England Patriots quarterback
Tom Brady was “at least generally aware” that two staffers, Jim McNally and
John Jastremski, had intentionally deflated footballs to gain a competitive
advantage in...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:21 p.m. ET

During Mary Wittenberg’s 10 years as chief executive of the New York Road
Runners, the group’s premier race remained the only large marathon in New
York—a rarity for a major city. After the announcement Tuesday that Ms.
Wittenberg is leaving NYRR to run another New York-based race organizer, will
she seek to launch a competitor to the TCS New York City Marathon?

“Absolutely not,” Ms. Wittenberg said in an interview Tuesday, shortly after
declaring that she is joining Richard Branson’s Virgin Group to helm a new...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:13 p.m. ET

LAS VEGAS—Moviegoing is most associated with one dietary indulgence: buttery
popcorn, served up by a bored teenager filling tub after tub.

Now, some entrepreneurs want to fit the entire food pyramid into the
multiplex.

“Edamame is the answer,” said...

Updated May 12, 2015 4:24 p.m. ET 

Roger Federer has won a record 17 Grand Slam singles titles and 85 titles
overall. He has won events in 19 different countries. When in Rome, though,
Federer always ends up losing.

Of all the tournaments he has entered three or more times, Federer has failed
to win just three, according to tennis-data website Tennis Abstract: Rome,
Monte Carlo, and the Olympic Games. On Wednesday in Rome, Federer will begin a
15th campaign for his first Italian Open title. It’s the most he has played
anywhere without winning. Federer has...

Updated May 12, 2015 4:42 p.m. ET

U.S. stocks pared steep losses to close slightly lower Tuesday following a
sharp selloff in European equities and government bonds.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average had fallen by as much as 180 points in early
trading, but stocks subsequently pared their losses. Even with the swing in
equities, traders described equity trading volumes as...

Updated May 11, 2015 11:55 p.m. ET

The Mediterranean diet, supplemented with a handful of nuts or a few
tablespoons of olive oil a day, can counteract the effects of aging on the
brain’s ability to function, a new clinical study suggests.

The study, published online Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine, was unusual in
that it employed rigorous scientific practices to test the effect of the diet
on health. Most previous evidence showing benefits from the Mediterranean
diet...

Updated May 11, 2015 11:22 p.m. ET

That ugly record—zero wins, five losses, the worst start of a 15-year
career—had been attached to every conversation surrounding CC Sabathia,
dragging behind him everywhere he and his tarnished reputation went.

Sabathia hadn’t won a game in over a year, last claiming a win on April 24,
2014, before his season ended due to knee surgery.

...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:49 p.m. ET

ALBANY—Dean Skelos was forced out of his longtime role as New York’s Senate
majority leader on Monday in the wake of federal criminal charges that
triggered the second overhaul of the state’s legislative leadership this year.

Mr. Skelos, who had been the highest-ranking Republican in the state, and his
son, Adam, were arrested and...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:42 a.m. ET

Severely premature babies are more likely to live if they receive intensive-
care treatments rather than palliative care to keep them comfortable,
according to a U.S. government-funded study published Thursday.

Whether babies born at the extreme edge of viability, generally considered to
be 22, 23 or 24 weeks of gestation, should be aggressively medically treated
is a controversial issue among pediatric experts. These infants often...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:54 a.m. ET 

CHICAGO—This week’s series between the Mets and the Cubs offers a four-game
referendum on the philosophies of baseball-roster construction in 2015.

The Mets’ plan to return to the playoffs for the first time since 2006
revolves around their impressive collection of young power arms. The Cubs,
also no strangers to failure, took the exact opposite...

Updated May 11, 2015 9:29 p.m. ET

The NFL has parked Tom Brady for the first four games of the 2015 regular
season, which sounds like a big deal, though if you spend any time following
Brady’s superhuman life, I am fairly certain he will find something amusing
and chic to do with the sudden spare time. A couple of weekends ago, Brady
zipped on a private jet from Kentucky to Nevada to attend the Kentucky Derby
and the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight in the same night. That’s remarkable. I
can’t even make it to the supermarket and the hardware store in a weekend.

...

Updated May 11, 2015 10:13 p.m. ET

As a Long Island Republican relinquished his position as Senate president
Monday, the leadership job went to another Long Island Republican.

State Sen. John Flanagan, 54 years old, of East Northport, was elected Senate
president, beating out Sen. John DeFrancisco of Syracuse, who also vied to
succeed Dean Skelos.

“It is humbling,” said...

Updated May 12, 2015 1:31 p.m. ET

The Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday said it brought fraud
charges against ITT Educational Services Inc. and two of its top executives,
alleging they misled investors about the looming financial impact of two
badly-performing student-loan programs on the for-profit educator.

According to an SEC complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of Indiana, the company, Chief Executive Kevin Modany and...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:33 p.m. ET

The U.S. military is considering using aircraft and Navy ships to directly
contest Chinese territorial claims to a chain of rapidly expanding artificial
islands, U.S. officials said, in a move that would raise the stakes in a
regional showdown over who controls disputed waters in the South China Sea.

Defense Secretary Ash Carter has asked his staff to look at options that
include flying Navy surveillance aircraft over the islands...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:47 p.m. ET

CHICAGO—President Barack Obama will build his presidential library on
Chicago’s South Side, ending more than a year’s search for a location by
choosing the city where he got his political start and has a deep personal
connection.

The nation’s third-largest city was the front-runner from the start and,
though stumbling at points, emerged from a shortlist that included New York’s
Columbia University, where Mr. Obama did his...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:26 p.m. ET 

WASHINGTON—Senate Democrats derailed a top White House economic priority
Tuesday, blocking a bill to give President Barack Obama authority to ease
trade deals through Congress and forcing the administration and Republican
leaders to regroup on trade policy.

The opposition came from across the Democratic Party, with liberals such as
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D., Mass.), who has publicly feuded with the president
over trade deals, teaming up with pro-trade Democrats including Sen. Ron Wyden
(D., Ore.), the party’s leading...

Updated May 12, 2015 6:22 p.m. ET

WELLINGTON, New Zealand—New Zealand’s central bank Wednesday proposed tighter
mortgage-lending rules for its largest city in a bid to mitigate a key risk to
the country’s financial system.

“New Zealand’s financial system is sound and operating effectively, but faces
significant risks,” said Reserve Bank Gov. Graeme Wheeler in the central
bank’s twice yearly Financial Stability Report.

One of those risks is an overheated...

Updated May 12, 2015 5:58 p.m. ET

The U.S. and Russia pledged to work together to resolve crises in Ukraine and
Syria after a day of high-level talks that ended with softer rhetoric despite
continuing sharp disagreements.

Secretary of State John Kerry said afterward that neither side was seeking a
“major breakthrough” in any particular area, but instead sought to keep
communications open even as relations remain tense. He thanked Russian
President Vladimir Putin for...

Updated May 12, 2015 6:30 p.m. ET

The pilots union at Southwest Airlines Co. convened a committee to prepare for
a strike—a largely symbolic move that likely doesn’t foreshadow a work
stoppage but does signal increasing employee strife at an airline that has
long been a symbol of labor harmony.

Southwest pilots and management are locked in negotiations, with talks
scheduled through this month and next. The two sides have yet to exhaust many
of the federal...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:41 p.m. ET

A University of Virginia dean filed a $7.8 million defamation lawsuit against
Rolling Stone on Tuesday, accusing the magazine of unjustly portraying her “as
the chief architect” of a plan to suppress sexual-assault claims on campus.

Nicole Eramo, associate dean of students, said her reputation was damaged by
“A Rape on Campus,” an article about an alleged 2012 gang rape at the Virginia
Alpha chapter of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:36 p.m. ET

It is the age-old art of sealing a deal: Making your product seem more
desirable than it may actually be.

But on Wall Street, where traders for decades have tried to cajole clients
into buying or selling, the question of how far they can go has become
pivotal.

Ever since former Jefferies Group LLC trader Jesse Litvak was sentenced in
July 2014 to two years in prison for lying to customers about how much he had
paid for...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:11 p.m. ET

A district attorney in Madison, Wis., said he won’t bring charges against a
white police officer who shot and killed a black 19-year-old who the
prosecutor said had been behaving erratically.

Dane County District Attorney Ismael Ozanne said on Tuesday that Officer Matt
Kenny of the Madison Police Department used justifiable force when he shot and
killed Tony Robinson on March 6.

“I conclude that this tragic and unfortunate...

Updated May 12, 2015 5:09 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Funds backed by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. founder Jack Ma and
Tencent Holdings Ltd. Chairman Pony Ma bought shares in Shanghai conglomerate
Fosun International Ltd.’s $1.2 billion share sale Monday, according to a
person with knowledge of the matter.

Between them, the two tech entrepreneurs spent no more than US$200 million on
the...

Updated May 11, 2015 11:43 p.m. ET 

BEIJING—The world’s largest smartphone market doesn’t have much room left to
grow.

Smartphone shipments in China fell 4.3% in the first quarter compared with a
year ago for the first time in six years, according to a new survey set to be
released on Monday by International Data Corp. Rival surveys show continued
growth during the quarter, but at much slower levels than previously.

Experts say the slowdown is largely driven by...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:36 p.m. ET

MINNEAPOLIS—They finished high school and most attended college while working
to help their families. Compared with many young men in the impoverished
refugee community here, the six Somali-Americans charged recently with
conspiring to join the militant group Islamic State were high achievers.

That is why the allegations involving young men who hadn’t exhibited radical
tendencies confounded friends, educators and law enforcement. And...

Updated May 12, 2015 1:37 p.m. ET

Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif delivered an unusually strong
condemnation of the Afghan Taliban on a visit to Kabul, signaling a continued
rapprochement between the two countries.

Mr. Sharif’s visit to Kabul on Tuesday—his first since Afghan President Ashraf
Ghani came to office in September—underscored Islamabad’s readiness to do
business with the government in Kabul. Mr. Sharif was accompanied by
Pakistan’s top military and...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:54 p.m. ET

U.S. borrowers are playing it safe this year, with overall debt levels largely
flat in the first quarter amid tight mortgage lending and hints that some
consumers are using gas savings to pay down bills.

In a sign of this caution, more consumers are getting a better grip on their
finances, prompting a drop in late payments on two fast-growing types of
debt—car and student loans.

Household debt—including mortgages, credit...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:35 p.m. ET

SAN FRANCISCO—Samsung Electronics Co. unveiled a set of technologies to spur
more companies to add computing power to everyday devices such as fitness
trackers, light bulbs, security cameras and drones.

The effort, called Artik, centers on tiny circuit boards that come packed with
new processors, communication chips, sensors and other components. Samsung is
also offering software and related services to help configure new devices
and...

Updated May 12, 2015 6:36 p.m. ET

Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide has sold the Gritti Palace, an 82-room
hotel in Venice, as it continues to shed some of its most prized properties
and weigh options for its future.

The Stamford, Conn., hotel company said on Tuesday it has closed on the $117
million sale to Nozul Hotels & Resorts, a subsidiary of Qatar conglomerate
Jaidah Holdings. Starwood will continue to manage the property under what it
said was a new...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:29 p.m. ET

Boeing Co. has dropped its only order for a new small satellite intended to
expand its offering for communications and imaging services, the latest victim
of the downturn in global energy and commodities markets.

HySpecIQ LLC, a private equity-backed startup, announced a deal last September
for two Boeing 502 Phoenix satellites that could be launched in 2018,
targeting a slice of a global imaging market estimated by analysts to be...

Updated May 12, 2015 6:37 p.m. ET

The question of how to divide $7.3 billion raised in the international
bankruptcy of Nortel Networks Corp. was answered Tuesday by two judges, one in
the U.S. and one in Canada.

Justice Frank Newbould of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice in Toronto and
Judge Kevin Gross of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Wilmington, Del., agreed on
the outcome: a modified pro rata split of the money.

“These insolvency proceedings have now...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:10 p.m. ET

Humanitarian aid agencies prepared to deliver thousands of tons of food, fuel
and medical supplies to needy Yemenis during a five-day cease-fire between
Houthi rebels and a Saudi-led military coalition that began late Tuesday.

Since the coalition began airstrikes against the Iran-backed rebels on March
26 in an attempt to drive them from power and restore the exiled Abed Rabbo
Mansour Hadi to the presidency, at least 1,400 people have been killed and an
additional 6,000 wounded in fighting, the United Nations said....

Updated May 12, 2015 6:56 p.m. ET

Two of the most valuable paintings from the collection of one of Adolf
Hitler’s main art dealers are set to be returned this week after a decadeslong
search by the heirs of their original owners, ending a saga that embarrassed
the German government and roiled the art world.

The heirs and an estate lawyer overseeing the deal both said on Tuesday that
the families who claimed ownership of “Woman with a Fan,” a 1923 oil painting
by...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:13 p.m. ET

ATHENS—Greece drew on its holdings of an International Monetary Fund reserve
currency to make a loan repayment of around €750 million ($837 million) to the
IMF, an unusual move that buys the country a few more weeks to reach a deal
with creditors on fresh financing.

Greece’s government used funds from the country’s reserve account at the IMF,
which contains the fund’s own currency, called Special Drawing Rights or SDRs,
to repay...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:55 p.m. ET

BRUSSELS—The European Union and Turkey agreed to expand their decades-old
customs union, binding their economies closer even as Turkey’s long-standing
bid to become an EU member remains in limbo.

The move comes as Brussels and Ankara seek to improve frayed diplomatic ties
and expand areas of cooperation as they confront mutual challenges ranging
from Islamic terrorism threats to economic headwinds.

Over the past year, Turkey...

Updated May 12, 2015 5:56 p.m. ET

Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc.’s experimental cystic-fibrosis treatment Orkambi
won the backing of a Food and Drug Administration advisory committee, which
voted 12-1 on Tuesday to recommend approval of the drug.

The advisory committee included 13 independent doctors, scientists and
consumer and patient representatives. The FDA, which is expected to make a
final decision on whether to approve Orkambi by July 5, isn’t required to
follow...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:58 a.m. ET

FRANKFURT—ThyssenKrupp AG on Tuesday raised its outlook, even as the German
industrial conglomerate posted a steep decline in profit for its latest
quarter.

The steelmaker said it now expects adjusted earnings before interest and
taxes, or Ebit, for its current fiscal year to increase “significantly” to
between €1.6 billion ($1.79 billion) and...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:32 p.m. ET

Plummeting energy prices sent Patriot Coal Corp. back to chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection on Tuesday, just 18 months after it last emerged from court
supervised restructuring with hopes of tapping into a revitalized coal market.

The West Virginia coal miner, which came under the control of bondholders
during its 2013 stint in bankruptcy protection, said it is in “active
negotiations” to sell itself under the supervision of the U.S....

Updated May 12, 2015 12:39 p.m. ET

Ukraine’s largest bondholders are pushing ahead with a restructuring plan that
would allow them to avoid losses on their debt holdings, despite little
progress made so far in negotiations with the country.

A committee of five of the largest investors in Ukraine’s debt set up to
negotiate with the government of the conflict-torn country, has submitted a
new proposal to the country’s government which is struggling to make good on
its...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:15 a.m. ET

When Steve Jobs released the first iPhone in June 2007, Apple Inc. and Verizon
Communications Inc. were worth almost exactly the same in the public markets:
About $115 billion.

What came over the next eight years was one of the greatest transfers of power
and wealth in corporate history. Mobile phone operators—who had been brutish,
intractable gatekeepers to the customer—were turned into Apple’s lackeys.

The customer was...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:43 p.m. ET

Three Somali natives pleaded guilty on Tuesday to conspiring to provide
support to Somalia-based militant group al-Shabaab, less than three weeks
before they were set to go on trial in Brooklyn federal court.

The three men—25-year-old Madhi Hashi, 30-year-old Ali Yasin Ahmed and 32
-year-old Mohamed Yusuf—were caught in 2012 while crossing the border from
Somalia into Djibouti, where they were detained and then handed over to
U.S....

Updated May 12, 2015 7:35 p.m. ET

Zillow Group Inc. posted a wider first-quarter loss as its costs rose, but it
reported favorable mobile trends and said real-estate agents spent a record
amount with it on advertising.

The property-market database reaffirmed its 2015 revenue forecast and said it
is on track to complete its integration of Trulia by year-end.

In after-hours...

Updated May 12, 2015 4:37 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Tax receipts surged in April to generate the largest monthly U.S.
budget surplus in seven years, the latest sign that climbing stock values,
hefty corporate profits and rising incomes for wealthier Americans are
improving the nation’s budget picture.

The U.S. Treasury collected a record $472 billion last month, up 14% from a
year earlier, leading to a $157 billion surplus for the month. While the U.S.
typically enjoys a...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:40 p.m. ET

Verizon Communications Inc. agreed to buy AOL Inc. in a $4.4 billion deal
aimed at advancing the telecom giant’s growth ambitions in mobile video and
advertising.

The all-cash deal values AOL at $50 a share, a 23% premium over the company’s
three-month volume-weighted average price. AOL shares rose 18% in morning
trading to $50.18. Verizon...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:50 a.m. ET

A booming stock market has the potential to lighten China’s groaning debt
load. So far, though, the wrong types of companies are taking advantage.

Chinese companies have been active of late issuing fresh equity. China
Resources Land and Fosun International this week are working on plans to raise
more than $1 billion apiece. This is undeniably a good thing in a country with
a leverage problem: The more equity raised, the more debt can...

Updated May 12, 2015 5:39 p.m. ET

MILAN—The bidding war for PartnerRe Ltd. heated up Tuesday as Italian holding
company Exor SpA sweetened its all-cash offer for the reinsurer by 5.8%, in a
$6.8 billion bid to break up a previously agreed merger.

Exor, which owns a controlling stake in Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, is now
offering $137.50 a share compared with a previous bid of $130 a share. Exor
said it has already invested $572 million in PartnerRe and is now the...

Updated May 12, 2015 5:31 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Daniel Gallagher, a Republican member of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, is preparing to step down after nearly four years at the
agency, according to people familiar with the matter.

Mr. Gallagher has notified the White House of his plans to leave the five-
member agency as soon as a successor is confirmed by the Senate, people
familiar with the matter said. His announcement was a surprise, as his SEC
tenure won’t...

Updated May 12, 2015 5:00 p.m. ET

GoDaddy Inc. on Tuesday posted upbeat guidance for the current quarter, as
first-quarter sales beat analyst expectations, boosted by new customer growth
and strong demand for its business applications.

Shares of the company, which sells web domains, slipped 2.8% in recent after-
hours trading. The stock had been up about 7% this month.

...

Updated May 12, 2015 4:51 p.m. ET

The dollar weakened broadly Tuesday as investors continued to bet the slow
recovery in the U.S. economy would delay the arrival of higher borrowing
costs.

The U.S. currency shed 0.5% against the euro in late-afternoon trade, with one
euro buying $1.1210. The dollar slipped 0.2% versus the yen, to ¥119.89. The
Wall Street Journal Dollar Index, which pits the dollar against a basket of 16
widely traded currencies, declined 0.5% to...

Updated May 12, 2015 4:49 p.m. ET

Oil prices rallied Tuesday after two widely watched market forecasters raised
their outlooks for oil-demand growth this year.

Light, sweet crude for June delivery settled up $1.50, or 2.5%, to $60.75 a
barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the global benchmark,
gained $1.95, or 3%, to $66.86 a barrel on the ICE Futures Europe exchange.

The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries on Tuesday raised...

Updated May 12, 2015 5:31 a.m. ET

LONDON—EasyJet PLC said it plans to pack more seats on its planes to offset
rising costs as Europe’s second-largest budget carrier reported a profit in
the typically weak winter travel season.

The move by the British airline comes as it had a difficult start to the
second half of its fiscal year with an air-traffic controllers’ strike in
France...

Updated May 12, 2015 4:25 p.m. ET 

Tesla Motors Inc. is allowed to sell cars through four of its own retail
stores in Maryland after Gov. Larry Hogan signed a bill making way for
manufacturer-owned dealerships under limited circumstances.

This decision comes as Tesla’s direct-sales model is also a topic in Michigan,
which outlawed direct sales in October.

For several...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:55 a.m. ET

A tax increase that would raise alcohol prices by 10% is among the most
effective means of countering excessive consumption, which reduces economic
output in most developed countries and contributes to early death and
disability, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said on
Tuesday.

The Paris-based research body said in a report that while alcohol consumption
has been declining in most countries over the past two decades, it is heavily
concentrated, with the majority accounted for by the...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:50 p.m. ET

Boeing Co. executives moved to reassure investors that jetliner demand
remained intact as it plans further production increases alongside an expanded
cost-cutting program.

Slowing economic growth in emerging economies and recent moves by two U.S.
airlines to defer new aircraft buys and continue flying older planes haven’t
altered strong demand,...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:47 p.m. ET

U.S. soybean prices sank to a one-month low Tuesday after federal forecasters
projected a larger-than-expected harvest this autumn and a sharp increase in
supplies of the oilseed next year.

Corn futures closed mostly higher despite similar predictions for a large
crop.

In a monthly report, the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimated that soybean
growers will harvest 3.85 billion bushels this autumn, higher than average...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:35 p.m. ET

U.S. Treasury bonds rallied Tuesday and eliminated an earlier selloff as
buyers stepped in after the yield on the benchmark 10-year note hit a six-
month high.

The price rebound brought a reprieve to the market, which has been under
selling pressure since...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:21 a.m. ET

CANBERRA, Australia—Australia’s conservative government ditched austerity for
a budget focused on driving growth, as it sought to bolster its sagging
popularity and head off a possible downgrade to the country’s top-notch credit
rating.

Offering generous tax concessions to small businesses to encourage investment,
in addition to extra child-care support to push parents back to work,
Treasurer Joe Hockey aimed to reach out to...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:08 p.m. ET

Gold prices rose on Tuesday, as some investors sat out the selloff in global
bond markets by buying precious metals.

The most actively traded contract, for June delivery, rose $9.40, or 0.8%, to
settle at $1,192.40 a troy ounce on the Comex division of the New York
Mercantile Exchange. It was the highest settlement since May 5, when prices
closed at $1,193 an ounce.

Gold prices advanced toward $1,200, as the downdraft in...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:48 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Sprint Corp and Verizon Wireless will pay a total of $158 million
to resolve claims by U.S. regulators that the wireless carriers separately
billed customers millions of dollars in unauthorized charges for premium text
messages, authorities said Tuesday.

The payments, $90 million from Verizon and $68 million from Sprint, include
$120 million in refunds to affected customers, the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau said....

Updated May 12, 2015 2:58 p.m. ET

Moody’s Investors Service slashed its forecast for Canadian growth in 2015 to
1.5% to 2.5%, adding its voice to a growing chorus of forecasters suggesting
the economic fallout from lower prices will last longer than the Bank of
Canada expects.

Marie Diron, London-based vice president at Moody’s, said in an interview that
her firm expects the non-energy side of Canada’s economy to post stronger
growth. But the cutback in spending by energy firms—which in Canada accounted
for 17.7% of total capital expenditures and 3.6%...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:43 a.m. ET

Danish jewelry maker Pandora A/S, traditionally a wholesaler, has emerged as a
tough competitor to its own network of franchise stores.

First-quarter sales in outlets and online stores operated directly by the
company more than doubled, growing 115%, compared with a group-wide revenue
growth of 37%, the company said Tuesday.

Pandora’s...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:08 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—President Barack Obama and his allies pushing a fast-track trade
bill faced increasing difficulty Tuesday in winning the Senate votes necessary
to move ahead on one of the highest priorities on his economic agenda for the
remainder of his term.

The chamber is considering whether to give the president the power to expedite
through Congress the biggest-ever trade pact, between the U.S. and 11 nations
around the Pacific.

...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:07 p.m. ET

PARIS—Vivendi SA on Tuesday reported a rise in first-quarter adjusted
earnings, but said net profit fell sharply without the income from
telecommunications assets it has sold off as the French conglomerate continues
to transform itself into a pure-play media company.

Vivendi—which in recent years has substantially slimmed down from a
telecommunications to broadcasting conglomerate to a company with activities
mainly in pay TV and music recording—said net profit slipped to €33 million
($37 million), compared with €431...

Updated May 11, 2015 9:13 p.m. ET

Shares of cloud-computing company Rackspace Hosting Inc. plummeted 13% in
after-hours trading Monday, after the company lowered revenue expectations for
the coming quarter.

Rackspace, which had closed the day at $53.13, said it expected revenue for
its second quarter, which will end in June, to be between $487 million and
$492 million. The market had expected $502 million, according to a survey of
analysts by Thomson Reuters....

Updated May 11, 2015 8:52 p.m. ET

Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s approval rating dropped to its lowest mark since he took
office in 2011, according to a new Wall Street Journal-NBC 4 New York-Marist
poll.

The poll, released on Monday, shows that 37% of New York voters consider Mr.
Cuomo, a Democrat, to be doing a good or excellent job, down from 44% in
October. His approval rating is...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:57 p.m. ET

Orexigen Therapeutics said Tuesday it has terminated a required cardiovascular
outcomes trial of its obesity drug Contrave, after prematurely releasing
interim study results in March.

Shares, up 13% this year, fell 8% in midday trading.

The company noted that the study isn’t being terminated because of the finding
of superiority or harm....

Updated May 12, 2015 12:46 p.m. ET

LONDON—The Spanish defense ministry on Tuesday ordered the halt of some Airbus
Group NV A400M military airlifter flights after a fatal crash, though the
plane maker resumed flights with test aircraft.

“These planes, which are in the production phase and doing test flights,
shouldn’t fly until we know what happened to the plane,” Spanish Defense
Minister Pedro Morenés said Tuesday during an interview with Spanish radio
station Onda...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:15 p.m. ET 

Encana Corp. reported a $1.7 billion first-quarter loss on Tuesday after
booking a massive impairment charge largely related to slumping oil and gas
prices.

Factoring out a $1.2 billion impairment charge and other items, the Calgary,
Alberta-based energy company’s operating earnings tumbled 98%, but still came
in ahead of analyst...

Updated May 12, 2015 9:26 a.m. ET

Jim Justice, a political neophyte who is believed to be West Virginia’s only
billionaire, said Monday he is running for governor after a career at the helm
of his family’s coal and agriculture businesses.

Flanked by a retired coal miner and others at a news conference, Mr. Justice
invoked many of the state’s current woes, including widespread mine closures.
“Our state and our people are hurting,” Mr. Justice said. “You need...

Updated May 11, 2015 11:38 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Nearly seven years after the financial crisis, Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp. Chairman Martin Gruenberg said U.S. regulators can safely
guide a major financial firm to failure without taxpayer bailouts or
catastrophic consequences for the financial system.

Mr. Gruenberg, in a speech on Tuesday, plans to say the disruptive collapse of
a firm like Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. is less likely to happen again
given...

Updated May 12, 2015 8:50 a.m. ET

BRUSSELS—U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne sent a warning shot
to his European colleagues on Tuesday, saying that Britain’s Conservative
government was determined to succeed in winning back powers from the European
Union before holding a referendum on the U.K.’s membership in the 28-nation
bloc.

Arriving for a meeting of EU finance ministers in Brussels, Mr. Osborne, who
is tipped to play a top role in negotiations between Britain and the EU, said
that Prime Minister David Cameron’s government would be...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:12 a.m. ET

Many Asian markets took some lumps Tuesday, with stocks in India and Thailand
down more than 1%; currencies in Southeast Asia fell and most bonds markets
suffered losses too.

The weakness in various pockets in the region reflected an agglomeration of
factors: Currencies are getting pressure from fresh signs of sluggish global
growth and turmoil in U.S. and European bond markets. That, along with a weak
auction of Japanese government...

Updated May 11, 2015 9:23 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Senate Banking Chairman Richard Shelby plans to unveil on Tuesday a
wide-ranging bill that would heighten congressional scrutiny of the Federal
Reserve and revamp numerous rules faced by small- and medium-size banks,
according to Republican committee aides.

The draft legislation, which Republicans described as a starting point for
further negotiations, represents the most ambitious attempt to revamp the
financial...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:18 p.m. ET

Ocwen Financial Corp. said Monday it had avoided a “going concern” opinion
from its auditor that could have raised questions about the company’s ability
to survive.

The mortgage servicing company filed its delayed 10-K annual report with the
Securities and Exchange Commission late Monday, and the audit opinion from the
company’s outside auditor, Deloitte & Touche LLP, didn’t contain any such
language. Ocwen had indicated last...

Updated May 12, 2015 10:04 a.m. ET

VIENNA—The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries doesn’t see oil
prices consistently trading at $100 a barrel again in the next decade, a
pessimistic assessment that has the group considering the return of production
limits to influence the market, according to people familiar with a recent
strategy report.

The report predicted that oil prices will be about $76 a barrel in 2025 in
OPEC’s most optimistic scenario, the people said, a reflection of the cartel’s
worries that American competitors will be able to...

Updated May 12, 2015 1:44 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—A battle between members of wealthy families from opposite sides of
the world over an Indonesian coal miner on the verge of default will come to a
head this week, the latest act in the drama surrounding London-listed Asia
Resource Minerals PLC.

Leading the cast list of the superrich involved in the increasingly bitter
struggle is 43-year old British financier Nat Rothschild, scion of the famous
banking family, who is hoping...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:43 a.m. ET

Following pressure from foreign trade groups, Beijing has said it would honor
tax breaks and other incentives granted to companies in existing contracts
with Chinese cities and provinces.

The move, which could ease tensions between Beijing and the foreign business
community, comes after the government suspended new rules on banking
technology that foreign suppliers and trade groups opposed.

Foreign business groups had raised...

Updated May 12, 2015 6:28 a.m. ET

South Korean prosecutors are investigating Korea National Oil Corp. and its
adviser Bank of AmericaMerrill Lynch in relation to the state-run oil
company’s takeover of Canada’s Harvest Energy Trust in 2009, according to
people familiar with the situation.

Prosecutors raided the offices of KNOC, as the state-run oil company is known,
and Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s offices in Seoul on Tuesday as part of a
probe into a string of...

Updated May 11, 2015 9:47 p.m. ET

A push to radically reshape the outmoded U.S. air-traffic control system is
gaining support, as airlines and some labor unions join to back change and a
top lawmaker drafts legislation that could effectively privatize services.

Rep. Bill Shuster, a Pennsylvania Republican and the chairman of the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and his staff are drafting
legislation to strip the nation’s 15,000 civilian controllers and more than
230 air-traffic facilities from the Federal Aviation Administration,...

Updated May 12, 2015 9:12 a.m. ET

SINGAPORE—Sixteen-year-old blogger Amos Yee was found guilty by a Singapore
court Tuesday of disparaging Christians in a YouTube video and of
disseminating an obscene image.

Mr. Yee’s case has been unusually high-profile in tightly controlled Singapore
and elicited strong reactions from Singaporeans since his arrest about how the
city-state should treat juvenile defendants and whether it should censor
online commentators.

In...

Updated May 11, 2015 10:28 p.m. ET

An effort by the Department of Veterans Affairs that aimed to speed the
processing of disability-benefits applications also loosened controls that
prevent veterans from exaggerating symptoms to receive more money, say current
and former VA employees.

A software system introduced in 2012 that automates veterans’ disability
levels for compensation relies almost solely on a patient’s self-reported
ailments, the employees say, even in...

Updated May 11, 2015 11:09 p.m. ET

Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky has emerged as a top spokesman for a view on trade
legislation that could complicate President Barack Obama’s push to pass a
major Pacific trade pact.

The 2016 presidential candidate says he is a “big believer in free trade” but
has qualms about the legislation, known as fast track, designed to help pass
major trade deals with limited involvement by the Senate. Some other
Republicans are expressing similar...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:08 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.) on Monday urged
his colleagues to vote in favor of advancing a trade bill through the first of
the chamber’s procedural hurdles, in a pitch that appeared designed to
circumvent a plan devised by his Democratic rival to gum up the vote.

The Senate is expected to vote on Tuesday on a motion to move forward on the
bill, which would grant the administration trade promotion authority,
sometimes called fast-track, to ease the path of trade deals through
Congress....

Updated May 11, 2015 9:42 p.m. ET

Never underestimate the power of pretty women. Pablo Picasso set a record
Monday when his 1955 painting of a harem of colorfully dressed women, “Women
of Algiers (Version O),” sold for $179.4 million—the most ever paid for a work
of art at auction.

The price surpasses the $142.4 million paid two years ago for Francis Bacon’s
triptych, “Three Studies of Lucian Freud,” as well as earlier record of $120
million for Edvard Munch’s...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:40 a.m. ET

General Electric Co. said it is willing to make concessions to win European
regulatory approval of its $17 billion deal for Alstom SA’s power business.

The deal, announced more than a year ago, remains under review, and GE power
and water unit Chief Executive Steve Bolze said the long regulatory process is
taking a toll on the French...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:41 a.m. ET

Currencies in emerging Asia hit their weakest in months after days of grinding
lower, as bond markets reverse gains and fresh signs of sluggish growth in the
global economy appear.

Thailand’s baht hit its weakest against the U.S. dollar since 2009, while the
Philippine peso touched its lowest in almost two months. India’s rupee, an
investor darling for much of the past year, hovered at its weakest in over a
year, while Indonesia’s...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:05 a.m. ET

ATHENS—Greece’s leftist government this week will ask a group of shortlisted
bidders to submit revised offers for a 51% stake in the operator of Greece’s
biggest port, and Athens plans to offer the winner an additional 16% stake
over the next five years, a senior government official said Tuesday.

Greece’s previous conservative government had been seeking to sell a 67% stake
in the Piraeus Port Authority. The new government, led by...

Updated May 12, 2015 5:43 a.m. ET

DUBAI—Etihad Etisalat Co., Saudi Arabia’s second-biggest mobile operator, is
looking to sell its telecom towers portfolio for up to $2 billion in an effort
to raise cash after dramatically restating its profit last year as a net loss,
according to two people familiar with the matter.

In what could be the first major deal involving telecom infrastructure in the
Middle East, the company, better known as Mobily, has hired New York-based
investment bank TAP Advisors for the sale of its 10,000 towers in the kingdom,
the people...

Updated May 12, 2015 4:09 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Secretary of State John Kerry meets Tuesday with Russian President
Vladimir Putin in a long-shot bid to advance a stalled Obama administration
goal of forcing Syria’s leader from power.

Behind Mr. Kerry’s move is a hope that Mr. Putin may be starting to see things
differently in Syria, where his longtime ally, President Bashar al-Assad, has
suffered a succession of losses and a U.S. military-backed program to train
rebels...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:43 a.m. ET

Chinese real-estate firm China Resources Land Ltd. began selling up to US$1.26
billion worth of shares in a block trade on Tuesday, the latest in a string of
companies taking advantage of a market rally to sell stock.

China Resources is selling 380 million new shares at 25.25 Hong Kong dollars
(US$3.26) to HK$25.65 a share, a 5.5% to 7% discount...

Updated May 11, 2015 10:46 p.m. ET

A partnership hoping to develop one of the first apartment projects on the
Greenpoint waterfront in Brooklyn has taken a step closer to its goal by
refinancing its debt with a $57.5 million loan from CIT Real Estate Finance.

The partnership, led by RedSky Capital LLC and JZ Capital Partners, used the
proceeds of the loan to pay off debt it took...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:46 p.m. ET

HONG KONG—Fosun International Ltd., the Hong Kong arm of the Shanghai
conglomerate, is raising about 9.3 billion Hong Kong dollars (US$1.2 billion)
from a share sale, with some of the proceeds going toward more acquisitions.

The Hong Kong-listed Fosun said Tuesday it would place 465 million shares with
investors at a price of HK$20 each, representing a 4.53% discount to its last
closing price. The shares represent 6.21% of the...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:25 p.m. ET

New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is trying to carve a national profile and
influence the Democratic Party in 2016, pushing an array of liberal economic
policies even as he grapples with mediocre approval ratings and challenges
back home.

In Washington, D.C., on Tuesday, the first-term mayor is planning his most
aggressive step so far onto the national stage, appearing with Massachusetts
Sen. Elizabeth Warren to call for steeper...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:05 p.m. ET

Pall Corp. is in the late stages of an auction that could value the maker of
water-filtration and purification systems at well over $10 billion.

Potential buyers Danaher Corp. and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. are vying for
Pall, with final bids due this week, people familiar with the matter said.

The exact price the company could fetch...

Updated May 12, 2015 1:44 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—A battle between members of wealthy families from opposite sides of
the world over an Indonesian coal miner on the verge of default will come to a
head this week, the latest act in the drama surrounding London-listed Asia
Resource Minerals PLC.

Leading the cast list of the superrich involved in the increasingly bitter
struggle is 43-year old British financier Nat Rothschild, scion of the famous
banking family, who is hoping...

Updated May 12, 2015 3:43 a.m. ET

Following pressure from foreign trade groups, Beijing has said it would honor
tax breaks and other incentives granted to companies in existing contracts
with Chinese cities and provinces.

The move, which could ease tensions between Beijing and the foreign business
community, comes after the government suspended new rules on banking
technology that foreign suppliers and trade groups opposed.

Foreign business groups had raised...

Updated May 12, 2015 6:28 a.m. ET

South Korean prosecutors are investigating Korea National Oil Corp. and its
adviser Bank of AmericaMerrill Lynch in relation to the state-run oil
company’s takeover of Canada’s Harvest Energy Trust in 2009, according to
people familiar with the situation.

Prosecutors raided the offices of KNOC, as the state-run oil company is known,
and Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s offices in Seoul on Tuesday as part of a
probe into a string of...

Updated May 11, 2015 9:47 p.m. ET

A push to radically reshape the outmoded U.S. air-traffic control system is
gaining support, as airlines and some labor unions join to back change and a
top lawmaker drafts legislation that could effectively privatize services.

Rep. Bill Shuster, a Pennsylvania Republican and the chairman of the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and his staff are drafting
legislation to strip the nation’s 15,000 civilian controllers and more than
230 air-traffic facilities from the Federal Aviation Administration,...

Updated May 12, 2015 9:12 a.m. ET

SINGAPORE—Sixteen-year-old blogger Amos Yee was found guilty by a Singapore
court Tuesday of disparaging Christians in a YouTube video and of
disseminating an obscene image.

Mr. Yee’s case has been unusually high-profile in tightly controlled Singapore
and elicited strong reactions from Singaporeans since his arrest about how the
city-state should treat juvenile defendants and whether it should censor
online commentators.

In...

Updated May 11, 2015 10:28 p.m. ET

An effort by the Department of Veterans Affairs that aimed to speed the
processing of disability-benefits applications also loosened controls that
prevent veterans from exaggerating symptoms to receive more money, say current
and former VA employees.

A software system introduced in 2012 that automates veterans’ disability
levels for compensation relies almost solely on a patient’s self-reported
ailments, the employees say, even in...

Updated May 11, 2015 11:09 p.m. ET

Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky has emerged as a top spokesman for a view on trade
legislation that could complicate President Barack Obama’s push to pass a
major Pacific trade pact.

The 2016 presidential candidate says he is a “big believer in free trade” but
has qualms about the legislation, known as fast track, designed to help pass
major trade deals with limited involvement by the Senate. Some other
Republicans are expressing similar...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:08 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R., Ky.) on Monday urged
his colleagues to vote in favor of advancing a trade bill through the first of
the chamber’s procedural hurdles, in a pitch that appeared designed to
circumvent a plan devised by his Democratic rival to gum up the vote.

The Senate is expected to vote on Tuesday on a motion to move forward on the
bill, which would grant the administration trade promotion authority,
sometimes called fast-track, to ease the path of trade deals through
Congress....

Updated May 11, 2015 9:42 p.m. ET

Never underestimate the power of pretty women. Pablo Picasso set a record
Monday when his 1955 painting of a harem of colorfully dressed women, “Women
of Algiers (Version O),” sold for $179.4 million—the most ever paid for a work
of art at auction.

The price surpasses the $142.4 million paid two years ago for Francis Bacon’s
triptych, “Three Studies of Lucian Freud,” as well as earlier record of $120
million for Edvard Munch’s...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:40 a.m. ET

General Electric Co. said it is willing to make concessions to win European
regulatory approval of its $17 billion deal for Alstom SA’s power business.

The deal, announced more than a year ago, remains under review, and GE power
and water unit Chief Executive Steve Bolze said the long regulatory process is
taking a toll on the French...

Updated May 12, 2015 2:41 a.m. ET

Currencies in emerging Asia hit their weakest in months after days of grinding
lower, as bond markets reverse gains and fresh signs of sluggish growth in the
global economy appear.

Thailand’s baht hit its weakest against the U.S. dollar since 2009, while the
Philippine peso touched its lowest in almost two months. India’s rupee, an
investor darling for much of the past year, hovered at its weakest in over a
year, while Indonesia’s...

Updated May 12, 2015 7:05 a.m. ET

ATHENS—Greece’s leftist government this week will ask a group of shortlisted
bidders to submit revised offers for a 51% stake in the operator of Greece’s
biggest port, and Athens plans to offer the winner an additional 16% stake
over the next five years, a senior government official said Tuesday.

Greece’s previous conservative government had been seeking to sell a 67% stake
in the Piraeus Port Authority. The new government, led by...

Updated May 12, 2015 5:43 a.m. ET

DUBAI—Etihad Etisalat Co., Saudi Arabia’s second-biggest mobile operator, is
looking to sell its telecom towers portfolio for up to $2 billion in an effort
to raise cash after dramatically restating its profit last year as a net loss,
according to two people familiar with the matter.

In what could be the first major deal involving telecom infrastructure in the
Middle East, the company, better known as Mobily, has hired New York-based
investment bank TAP Advisors for the sale of its 10,000 towers in the kingdom,
the people...

Updated May 12, 2015 4:09 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Secretary of State John Kerry meets Tuesday with Russian President
Vladimir Putin in a long-shot bid to advance a stalled Obama administration
goal of forcing Syria’s leader from power.

Behind Mr. Kerry’s move is a hope that Mr. Putin may be starting to see things
differently in Syria, where his longtime ally, President Bashar al-Assad, has
suffered a succession of losses and a U.S. military-backed program to train
rebels...

Updated May 12, 2015 12:43 a.m. ET

Chinese real-estate firm China Resources Land Ltd. began selling up to US$1.26
billion worth of shares in a block trade on Tuesday, the latest in a string of
companies taking advantage of a market rally to sell stock.

China Resources is selling 380 million new shares at 25.25 Hong Kong dollars
(US$3.26) to HK$25.65 a share, a 5.5% to 7% discount...

Updated May 11, 2015 10:46 p.m. ET

A partnership hoping to develop one of the first apartment projects on the
Greenpoint waterfront in Brooklyn has taken a step closer to its goal by
refinancing its debt with a $57.5 million loan from CIT Real Estate Finance.

The partnership, led by RedSky Capital LLC and JZ Capital Partners, used the
proceeds of the loan to pay off debt it took...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:46 p.m. ET

HONG KONG—Fosun International Ltd., the Hong Kong arm of the Shanghai
conglomerate, is raising about 9.3 billion Hong Kong dollars (US$1.2 billion)
from a share sale, with some of the proceeds going toward more acquisitions.

The Hong Kong-listed Fosun said Tuesday it would place 465 million shares with
investors at a price of HK$20 each, representing a 4.53% discount to its last
closing price. The shares represent 6.21% of the...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:25 p.m. ET

New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is trying to carve a national profile and
influence the Democratic Party in 2016, pushing an array of liberal economic
policies even as he grapples with mediocre approval ratings and challenges
back home.

In Washington, D.C., on Tuesday, the first-term mayor is planning his most
aggressive step so far onto the national stage, appearing with Massachusetts
Sen. Elizabeth Warren to call for steeper...

Updated May 11, 2015 8:05 p.m. ET

Pall Corp. is in the late stages of an auction that could value the maker of
water-filtration and purification systems at well over $10 billion.

Potential buyers Danaher Corp. and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. are vying for
Pall, with final bids due this week, people familiar with the matter said.

The exact price the company could fetch...

