Updated March 13, 2014 8:39 a.m. ET

PARIS—The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Thursday waded
into the crisis in Ukraine Thursday, saying it will strengthen cooperation
with the country while putting Russia's accession process on hold.

"The OECD has postponed activities related to the accession process of the
Russian Federation to the OECD for the time being," the Paris-based
organization said in a short statement.

The move is rare...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:27 a.m. ET

CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand—For generations, the Ngāi Tahu of New Zealand
resembled many other indigenous peoples around the world: impoverished,
virtually landless and experiencing a steady erosion of its language and
culture.

Then, in 1998, the tribe made a bold bet. Rather than distribute a historic
170 million New Zealand dollars (US$144 million currently) settlement with the
New Zealand government among its people, it invested the...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:31 p.m. ET

For most of the two decades since the NFL introduced free agency, the Giants
have approached the annual spending frenzy with the sort of rampant enthusiasm
usually reserved for a visit to the dentist.

This is a franchise that prides itself on continuity, and its approach to
roster construction has traditionally been no different. The Giants like to
draft, develop and retain their players, often until they retire. Splashy
signings are...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:40 p.m. ET

TOKYO—Toshiba Corp. on Friday said it filed suit against SK Hynix Inc.,
alleging that the South Korean chip maker illegally obtained the Japanese
company's technology for NAND flash memory.

The statement came a day after Tokyo police arrested a 52-year-old former SK
Hynix employee, saying he improperly obtained Toshiba's chip-related
information...

Updated March 13, 2014 11:27 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The White House said Thursday President Barack Obama had ordered a
review of deportation practices, an announcement that comes amid pressure from
Hispanic groups to scale back deportations.

In a meeting Thursday evening, the president told leaders of the Congressional
Hispanic Caucus that he had asked Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson to
conduct an "inventory" of the department's deportation practices to see...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:26 p.m. ET

For Jets fans, hope turned to dread and finally settled into to uncertain
optimism in a span of just eight hours on Wednesday, as the team took two
major steps toward improving its 2014 roster. There will be no Darrelle Revis
to help the Jets return to the playoffs next season, but at least there will
be a marquee receiver in the green and white to help Geno Smith move the
team's offense.

The roller-coaster got moving on Wednesday afternoon when the Tampa Bay
Buccaneers cut Revis, the former Jet cornerback who earned a...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:03 p.m. ET

ALBANY—The state Senate introduced a budget resolution on Thursday that
includes $540 million a year for five years for New York City prekindergarten
and after-school programs without a tax increase.

The resolution is largely symbolic, but it represents an attempt to boost
pre-K funding in the state budget, putting the more conservative Senate
squarely behind funding the educational services at the rate Mayor Bill de
Blasio has said...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:51 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Democrats and Republicans reached a détente in their long-running
fight over Senate procedures Thursday, passing child-care legislation under a
fresh process that could clear the way for the chamber to pass other
bipartisan bills.

Under the agreement, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D., Nev.) loosened his
typically tight control over the chamber's amendment process in exchange for
Republican assurances not to flood the...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:27 p.m. ET

Passengers were evacuated through emergency slides from a US Airways flight
bound for Fort Lauderdale, Fla., from Philadelphia International Airport after
the plane blew a tire and aborted takeoff.

US Airways Flight 1702, an Airbus A320, was carrying 149 passengers and five
crew members. All were safe, though one passenger requested medical...

Updated March 13, 2014 8:23 p.m. ET 

Liberty Media Corp. dropped its proposal to acquire the rest of satellite-
radio provider Sirius XM Holdings Inc. that the media-investment company
doesn't already own.

The company announced the withdrawn offer Thursday along with a plan to create
two new...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:36 p.m. ET

Scores of books have been written about the American university in the past
few years—many highly critical of the "higher education sector," as it's
frighteningly known. Some of these books are concerned primarily with cultural
matters, others with the philosophical aims of education itself. In essence,
though, all address the same question: Why is higher education such a terrible
bargain? (I prefer the word "bargain" to "investment": Paying for college is a
good "investment" only in the sense that buying a car is—in most
circumstances, not having one makes life much more...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:51 p.m. ET

Massachusetts is making it easier for individual investors to buy new
municipal bonds.

In a move being billed as the first of its kind in the $3.7 trillion
municipal-bond market, the commonwealth will begin selling bonds to mom-and-
pop buyers for up to two weeks each month. Massachusetts hopes the new sales
program, which it calls MassDirect Notes, will increase demand for its debt
and lower its borrowing costs.

The move comes...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:22 p.m. ET 

Whirlpool Corp. plans to increase capacity by more than 75% at a Greenville,
Ohio, plant that makes KitchenAid mixers and other small kitchen appliances,
underscoring a boom in sales of high-end cooking gadgets.

The Benton Harbor, Mich., company will spend $40 million to expand the plant
to 460,000 square feet from 260,000 square feet to keep up with growing demand
for mixers and other items, Dave Elliott, general manager of...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:28 p.m. ET

Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management LP called on PepsiCo Inc.'s board to meet
with shareholders without the company's management, as the activist
shareholder continued its push for a spinoff of the snack and drink company's
struggling beverage business.

In a letter to PepsiCo's board, Trian also called for the company to provide
an analytical defense of its "Power of One" strategy, referring to Chief
Executive Indra...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:08 p.m. ET

Cisco Systems Inc. is investigating whether some of its activities in Russia
and nearby countries may have violated a U.S. law that bans bribes to foreign
officials.

The probe was discussed by the company in a blog post in December and a public
filing in February but attracted little attention.

Cisco, a large maker of networking equipment, in the filing said the
investigation began at the request of the U.S. Securities and...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:40 p.m. ET

Crisis

Sundays at 10 p.m. on NBC

"Crisis" begins with a big problem. A bus full of students from a high school
teeming with the offspring of Washington's rich and politically connected is
ambushed during a field trip, and its occupants are taken hostage. As episodes
unfold, the kidnappers call various parents and direct them to...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:54 p.m. ET

U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said Thursday that regulators might
have acted sooner to push for a recall of General Motors Co. cars equipped
with faulty ignition switches, but lacked the information company officials
had about problems with the vehicles.

Mr. Foxx, testifying before a Senate committee, said that the National
Highway...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:17 p.m. ET

Aéropostale Inc. said it has struck a deal to receive much-needed cash from
Sycamore Partners in exchange for giving the private-equity firm the option to
take a larger stake in the teen apparel retailer.

Sycamore reported in September about an 8% stake in Aéropostale and said it
would consider a wide range of potential options for its...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:04 p.m. ET

LONDON—Under fire from shareholders, Barclays PLC is preparing a fresh attack
on its investment-banking arm to cut costs and boost returns, a person
familiar with the matter said Thursday.

Chief Executive Antony Jenkins has told shareholders in a series of meetings
since the bank last month released its 2013 results that he will report back
before the summer with a new plan for the unit. This will likely involve
exiting some...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:22 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—A bipartisan group of senators on Thursday announced a deal to
restore emergency jobless benefits for the long-term unemployed through late
May.

Lawmakers were optimistic that the latest five-month agreement could lead to
an extension of the benefits, which lapsed in late December. The Senate has
been working since last year to secure enough votes to restore the program but
several times has fallen short of the 60 votes...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:09 p.m. ET

Sotheby's geared up for a proxy fight Thursday, nominating two new members to
its board while criticizing recent candidates put forward by hedge fund
manager Daniel Loeb.

The global art auction house has been waging a fight with Mr. Loeb since
October, when Mr. Loeb's Third Point LLC boosted its stake in Sotheby's and
described the company as "old master painting in desperate need of
restoration."

Sotheby's has said...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:42 p.m. ET

BP PLC and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency have reached an agreement
that will allow the oil and gas company to start doing business again with the
federal government.

BP was banned from getting any U.S. government contracts after the 2010
Deepwater Horizon rig explosion and ensuing oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
That injunction, put in place in late 2012, kept BP from renewing existing
fuel contracts with the military,...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:31 p.m. ET

Another former SAC Capital Advisors LP analyst was charged with insider
trading, the ninth former or current employee of the giant investment firm to
be ensnared by a years-long investigation into its practices.

Ronald Dennis, 44 years old, allegedly helped SAC and its affiliates earn $3.8
million in profits and avoided losses in trading the shares of Dell Inc. and
Foundry Networks Inc., according to a complaint filed Thursday by the...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:19 p.m. ET

The liquidators of Hellas Telecommunications (Luxembourg) II SCA, which was
once the third largest cellular service provider in Greece, are suing its
former private-equity owners TPG Capital Management LP and Apax Partners LLP
for what it calls "one of the very worst abuses of the private equity
industry."

In a lawsuit filed Thursday afternoon with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in
Manhattan, the Hellas liquidators...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:22 p.m. ET

"Stocks rise on strong consumer sentiment."

A headline reading something like that, or its inverse, is a distinct
possibility Friday morning. It may even be true in the short run as
information-hungry traders parse every piece of major or minor data these days
for a clue about markets' direction. Or it may reflect the simple urge to
rationalize stocks' sometimes frustratingly random walk.

Friday's Thomson...

Updated March 13, 2014 8:54 p.m. ET

As night fell last Friday in Kuala Lumpur, businessman Philip Wood hurried to
gather his bags for a trip to Beijing. He had confused the dates, but his
girlfriend in China texted him to make sure he got on the plane.

A group of Chinese artists capped off their exhibition at a local cultural
center in Malaysia's capital city with a day of sightseeing and a banquet
lunch of duck soup, fried shrimp and pork in brown sauce.

Norli...

Updated March 13, 2014 8:05 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON—Ukraine's interim government has appealed for U.S. military aid,
including arms, ammunition and intelligence support, according to senior U.S.
officials. But the Obama administration has agreed to send only military
rations for now, wary of inflaming tensions with Russia.

The U.S. decision reflects the Pentagon's reluctance to be seen as directly
supporting Ukraine's beleaguered armed forces during the standoff with...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:01 p.m. ET

Bitcoin was supposed to be a frictionless digital currency that required no
banks or intermediaries.

Yet a raft of bitcoin thefts at exchanges like Mt. Gox is raising the question
of whether the sophisticated currency still needs the same sort of physical
security infrastructure—impenetrable steel vaults, armed security guards, and
even paper ledgers—as cash and gold.

A Silicon Valley startup called Xapo is among a handful of...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:33 p.m. ET

BRUSSELS—Europe is struggling to put together an adequate force to fulfill its
promised military operation in the Central African Republic, diplomats said
Thursday, putting at risk the broader international effort to stabilize the
country.

Major Gen. Philippe Pontiès, the operational commander of the promised
European Union mission, met for a fourth time Thursday with member states to
try to fill the remaining gaps in terms of...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:14 p.m. ET

U.S. attorneys said in court Thursday that they plan to increase the civil
penalties being sought from a former Countrywide Financial Corp. executive
found liable for committing fraud for her role leading a loan-processing
program.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Pierre Armand said in a hearing in front of U.S.
District Judge Jed Rakoff that the government planned to seek as much as $1.6
million from Rebecca Mairone, the former Countrywide...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:49 p.m. ET

Matteo Renzi pushed an electoral law, the first of the new Italian Prime
Minister's many planned reforms, through the lower house of parliament on
Wednesday. The legislation is designed to give future governments a clear
mandate and put an end to the unstable coalitions that have plagued Italy
since, well, forever. Later that same day he unveiled more details of planned
tax cuts for workers and employers.

If all this sounds wonderful, don't break out the Prosecco just yet. In both
cases there is a spoiler. For the...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:17 p.m. ET

The euro weakened sharply on Thursday after comments by European Central Bank
President Mario Draghi raised the possibility of easing measures to protect
against falling prices in the euro zone.

The euro dropped 0.4% against the dollar within minutes of the release of Mr.
Draghi's statement, which signaled an increased willingness to consider
additional stimulus measures to fight the risk of deflation. Central-bank
stimulus measures...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:40 p.m. ET

Tesla Motors, which makes electric cars, doesn't get a lot of sympathy from
free-market conservatives. It's cut from the same cloth as Solyndra, the solar
company that went bankrupt even after receiving more than a half-billion
dollars in federal loan guarantees. Tesla has been more successful, thanks
mainly to government largess and favorable regulatory treatment that
competitors don't receive.

Despite the fact that Tesla's origins epitomize crony capitalism, however, its
distribution model is admirable. Rather than...

Updated March 13, 2014 3:36 p.m. ET

European Central Bank President Mario Draghi issued his strongest statement
yet that the strong euro is pulling down inflation in the euro zone, making
clear that the central bank is concerned that the appreciating euro could
undermine the currency bloc's fragile recovery.

"The strengthening of the effective euro exchange over the past one-and-a-half
years has certainly had a significant impact on our low rate of inflation
and,...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:33 p.m. ET

TEL AVIV—Palestinian militants renewed rocket fire on southern Israel while
Israel retaliated with more airstrikes on Thursday, a day after the worst
flare-up of violence in 16 months.

Israel said Gaza militants have launched at least 69 rockets since Wednesday
and Israel has responded with at least 42 airstrikes on the Palestinian
territory. Most of the violence was on Wednesday. But Palestinians fired 10
rockets into Israel on...

Updated March 13, 2014 3:36 p.m. ET

NAIROBI—Nearly all United Nations road and air shipments have been halted in
South Sudan, officials said Thursday, after South Sudanese forces discovered
mislabeled weapons sent to rebel-held parts of the country.

Since the weapons were discovered in Rumbek last week, South Sudan's troops
also are restricting the movements of peacekeeping forces, said Ariane
Quentier, a spokeswoman for the U.N. mission in the country. The incident...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:03 p.m. ET

MOSCOW—Top Russian officials and some of the country's wealthiest tycoons have
been scrambling to assess the potential fallout of Western sanctions on an
already sputtering economy. But insiders say President Vladimir Putin isn't
hearing their concerns.

Instead, the Russian leader appears focused on keeping control of the
breakaway Ukrainian region of Crimea despite the costs, some of which are
already being felt.

...

Updated March 13, 2014 8:14 p.m. ET

Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. agreed to pay $7.5 million and admitted it
violated federal securities laws as part of a settlement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission related to its efforts to thwart a takeover bid by
Carl Icahn in 2010.

The violations, which involve improper public disclosures, surround a move the
company made to boost friendly shareholder Mark Rachesky's stake from 20% to
29% and dilute Mr. Icahn's from 38%...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:01 p.m. ET

McDonald's Corp. said Thursday that it would probe allegations that the fast-
food giant underpaid some U.S. staff and deducted expenses that left them
below state or federal minimum-wage levels.

A long-running campaign over McDonald's labor practices escalated this week as
a group of employees filed seven lawsuits against the company and some of its
franchisees, seeking unspecified back pay and damages.

The 27 named...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:50 p.m. ET

A security researcher says he has discovered a potential privacy glitch in
text-messaging service WhatsApp that occurs when users switch phone numbers.

Xuyang Li, founder of TrustGo Mobile Inc., says that when he downloaded
WhatsApp, he inherited the account information of a woman named Jessica, the
previous owner of Mr. Li's phone number. Mr. Li's WhatsApp messages appeared
to recipients to be messages from Jessica—complete with a...

Updated March 13, 2014 8:28 p.m. ET

WASHINGTON--The world's top economic institution is sounding the alarm about a
growing chasm between rich and poor, warning that rising income inequality is
weighing on global economic growth and fueling political instability.

The International Monetary Fund's latest salvo came Thursday in a top
official's speech and a 67-page paper detailing how the IMF's 188 member
countries can use tax policy and targeted public spending to stem...

Updated March 13, 2014 8:14 p.m. ET

ISTANBUL—Turkish leaders, campaigning on Thursday, accused one another of
provoking unrest after days of protests deepened fears of a resurgence of
political violence.

Residents of the central Istanbul neighborhood of Kulaksiz Dortyol, where
thousands gathered to mark the burial of a 22-year-old man who was fatally
shot late Wednesday, said the clashes between their district, a nationalist
stronghold, and leftist groups rekindled...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:13 p.m. ET

With elections looming in April and July, Indonesian politicians think that
"resource nationalism" will earn them votes—and it might. But autarky does
long-lasting damage to the economy, especially to poor Indonesians. Witness
Jakarta's latest crackdown on the mining industry, which began with a January
ban on exports and has become even more self-defeating.

On Jan. 12, Jakarta banned exports of unprocessed mineral ores, deliberately
sacrificing Indonesia's status as the world's leading exporter of nickel
ore...

Updated March 13, 2014 11:04 a.m. ET

OSLO—Norway Prime Minister Erna Solberg plans to increase the Scandinavian
nation's $840 billion oil fund's exposure to renewable energy, reflecting a
continuing shift toward using its vast wealth to combat climate change.

Norway, possessing the largest sovereign-wealth fund in the world, currently
devotes a fraction of its assets to green...

Updated March 13, 2014 3:59 p.m. ET

Gold futures edged higher Thursday amid heightened concerns about China's
economy and instability in Ukraine.

Gold for April delivery, the most active contract, rose $1.90, or 0.2%, to
close at $1,372.40 a troy ounce on the Comex division of the New York
Mercantile Exchange, marking its highest close since Sept. 9.

Data released Thursday...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:52 p.m. ET

Austrian authorities said they detained influential Ukrainian tycoon Dmytro
Firtash, who has close links with Russia in the gas trade, on a U.S. arrest
warrant late Wednesday on suspicion of bribery and criminal conspiracy.

Mr. Firtash, co-owner of a gas trader that made hundreds of millions of
dollars selling Russian gas to Ukraine, was detained by counterterrorism
police and organized-crime officials in Vienna following an...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:18 a.m. ET

Dumping work on colleagues can turn into a dumb idea. The work often comes
back to you.

Stressed by huge workloads and pinched resources, executives must unload tasks
to get things done. But to succeed, you must delegate effectively. The fine
art of delegation involves figuring out the right associates, marching orders
and feedback.

Inadequate delegators lack time to be strategic, cautions Gail Angelo, a
leadership coach in...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:27 a.m. ET

MADRID—Shareholders in Ono SA on Thursday approved plans to list shares on the
Madrid stock exchange next month, a move that could complicate a possible
takeover by Vodafone Group PLC, people close to the situation said.

U.K.-based Vodafone began conducting an accelerated due diligence of Ono over
the weekend but has yet to make an offer to purchase the Spanish cable
company, according to these people. One of them said conversations between Ono
and Vodafone will continue "in parallel" with Ono's plans for an...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:40 p.m. ET

BERLIN—Uli Hoeness, one of Germany's biggest soccer legends and president of
the country's most prominent soccer club, was sentenced to 3½ years in prison
Thursday for large-scale tax evasion.

Mr. Hoeness—who helped West Germany win the 1974 World Cup and spent more than
four decades with FC Bayern Munich, first as a player and later as team
manager and president—was found guilty of evading €28.5 million ($39.6
million) in taxes,...

Updated March 13, 2014 2:01 p.m. ET

Salvador Sánchez Céren, a former vice president and guerrilla commander, edged
closer Thursday to becoming the next president of El Salvador in a tightly
contested runoff vote held over the weekend that required a recount and
spawned accusations of electoral fraud.

The electoral authority, which is charged with overseeing elections, announced
that Mr. Sánchez Céren edged slightly ahead in a final tally against his
opponent, the conservative former mayor of San Salvador, Norman Quijano. The
election has tested the...

Updated March 13, 2014 3:40 p.m. ET

Investors piled into Treasury bonds for a fourth straight session Thursday as
persistent concerns over Ukraine and China outweighed better-than-expected
U.S. economic data.

It was the longest winning streak for the benchmark 10-year note since
November. The bond market's strength following last week's selloff underscored
demand for safe assets...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:22 p.m. ET

The cost of free shipping is going up.

Amazon.com Inc. said it will raise the annual price of its Prime shipping and
streaming-video service by $20 to $99, the first increase in its nine-year
history.

The Seattle retailer said the 25% increase was needed to offset rising
delivery and content-acquisition costs. The $99 price takes...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:51 p.m. ET

Consumers appear to be emerging from their dens to visit stores and
restaurants, a sign the U.S. economy could be poised to perk up from a winter
chill.

Sales at U.S. retailers rose a seasonally adjusted 0.3% in February from the
prior month, the Commerce Department said Thursday. The gain could be the
first indication of consumer spending bouncing back after declines in December
and January.

The improvement only partially...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:50 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—U.S. import prices spiked in February, as cold weather caused a
surge in demand for imported fuels to heat homes and businesses.

The price of overall imports climbed 0.9% in February from a month earlier,
the Labor Department said Thursday. That matched the largest one-month jump
since August 2012. Prices also rose more sharply in...

Updated March 13, 2014 11:28 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The number of Americans applying for first-time jobless benefits
fell to a three-month low last week, suggesting the labor market is
stabilizing after an early-winter lull.

Initial jobless claims, a measure of layoffs across the economy, declined by
9,000 to a seasonally adjusted 315,000 in the week ended March 8, the Labor
Department said Thursday. That marked the lowest level since late November.

The claims figure...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:50 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—U.S. import prices spiked in February, as cold weather caused a
surge in demand for imported fuels to heat homes and businesses.

The price of overall imports climbed 0.9% in February from a month earlier,
the Labor Department said Thursday. That matched the largest one-month jump
since August 2012. Prices also rose more sharply in...

Updated March 13, 2014 11:28 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The number of Americans applying for first-time jobless benefits
fell to a three-month low last week, suggesting the labor market is
stabilizing after an early-winter lull.

Initial jobless claims, a measure of layoffs across the economy, declined by
9,000 to a seasonally adjusted 315,000 in the week ended March 8, the Labor
Department said Thursday. That marked the lowest level since late November.

The claims figure...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:38 p.m. ET

The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 200 points on Thursday as
soft economic data from China and rising tensions in Ukraine helped trigger
the biggest one-day drop for U.S. stocks in more than six weeks.

Stocks have struggled to find traction in 2014 after a nearly unimpeded rally
last year. Concerns over the true strength of the U.S. economy, turmoil in
emerging markets and worries about Federal Reserve policy have...

Updated March 13, 2014 3:29 p.m. ET

KUALA LUMPUR—Malaysian aviation officials said Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
could have flown for several hours despite vanishing from radar, but they said
they had received no data indicating this, saying that the data for suggesting
an extended flight don't exist.

Malaysian officials disagreed with a Wall Street Journal report that said U.S.
investigators suspect that the missing Malaysian plane remained in the air for
hours past the time of its last confirmed location, based on an analysis of
signals sent through the...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:44 p.m. ET

Fuel-cell manufacturer Plug Power Inc. said it expects its revenue to more
than double this year, giving the day traders who frequent the stock reason to
push the volatile shares higher.

The stock closed up 18% on higher-than-normal volume as the company also
posted double-digit revenue growth for the fourth quarter of 2013.

Plug Power and some of its peers in the fuel-cell sector have seen their
shares surge this year, partly...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:00 p.m. ET

Lending to consumers is back in fashion on Wall Street.

General Electric Co. said Thursday it will sell part of its credit-card unit
in an initial public offering. The move by the Fairfield, Conn., company
highlights the renewed investor enthusiasm for the card business after some
issuers were hit hard by defaults following the 2008 financial crisis.

The GE unit, which will be called Synchrony Financial, is the largest U.S....

Updated March 13, 2014 8:07 a.m. ET

EXPECT PRICE HIKES NEXT YEAR According to the Journal, "Health and Human
Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said health-insurance premiums 'are
likely to go up' in 2015, an acknowledgment that the Obama administration
doesn't believe the sweeping changes to the health-insurance marketplace will
end premium increases in the near term." Testifying Wednesday before the House
Committee on Ways and Means, Mrs. Sebelius added that she expects next year's
prices to rise "at a smaller pace than what we've seen"...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:32 p.m. ET

Hundreds of New York City first responders—gaining footholds on mounds of
rubble and digging with their hands—continued their grueling and complex
search Thursday for victims trapped in the wreckage of two buildings
demolished by an apparent gas explosion.

The crews' efforts were met with grim results: five more bodies were pulled
from the site near East 116 Street and Park Avenue, bringing the death toll of
Wednesday's blast to...

Updated March 13, 2014 8:55 a.m. ET

FRANKFURT—A strong euro could affect the European Central Bank's outlook for
inflation, Germany's central bank president said Thursday, an indication that
the ECB may have to take measures to shore up the region's fragile recovery
should the currency appreciate further.

"The exchange rate is not a target of our monetary policy, but it is one of
many variables in the data that influence the prognosis. In this way, an
appreciation of the euro could change the inflation outlook," Jens Weidmann, a
member of the...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:56 a.m. ET

Ireland made a big step toward its rehabilitation as a frequent borrower in
the government bond markets Thursday with its first standard auction since
September 2010, snagging its cheapest ever borrowing costs in the process.

The country, now emerging from a grueling three-year bailout, has issued debt
sporadically through banks over the past few months. But this transaction, a
tap of an existing bond maturing in 2024, was pre-announced and auctioned
directly—a mode of borrowing that typically only the most solid borrowers...

Updated March 13, 2014 11:42 a.m. ET

SINGAPORE—Asian natural-gas buyers are being hit in the pocket by a
combination of drought and heat in South America, as well as the coming World
Cup soccer tournament.

Liquefied natural gas available for sale on the spot market, which might
normally be shipped to Asia by sea from the Atlantic basin, has for the past
two months or so been snapped up by Brazil. The country needs to offset
shortfalls in hydroelectricity output caused...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:21 a.m. ET

In a world that loves to worry, it's China's turn in the spotlight.

Premier Li Keqiang said in his once-a-year news conference that China faces
"more difficulties" this year than last. It was an acknowledgment that behind
his otherwise sunny outlook, the mood has darkened.

Recent data confirm a story line building for the past few months: an economy
struggling to gain traction. China reported that industrial...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:49 a.m. ET 

LONDON—The listing here Thursday of allergy-drug specialist Circassia
Pharmaceutical PLC—one of the U.K.'s biggest-ever biotech initial public
offerings—is fueling new optimism about the sector across Europe.

Oxford, England-based Circassia priced at the top of its range to raise £200
million ($332 million), valuing the company's equity at £581 million. Europe's
top health-care bankers say they have been receiving a high number of...

Updated March 13, 2014 3:54 p.m. ET

The Kremlin mobilized troops and tanks for new drills close to Ukraine on
Thursday, despite an uncharacteristically sharp warning from Germany that
Russia itself would suffer "massively" if it didn't back down.

The Russian Defense Ministry's announcement came as diplomats prepared for
11th-hour talks in London on Friday—two days before the breakaway Crimea
region is to vote on seceding from Ukraine and joining Russia.

...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:38 p.m. ET

Oil futures ticked higher Thursday on expectations that U.S. demand would
improve after the current refinery maintenance season ends.

Light, sweet crude for April delivery settled up 21 cents, or 0.2%, at $98.20
a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude on the ICE futures
exchange fell 63 cents, or 0.6%, at $107.39 a barrel, its lowest price since
Feb. 6.

Better-than-expected U.S. economic data Thursday fueled...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:31 p.m. ET

BERLIN—At Volkswagen AG, the tail is wagging the dog.

Europe's largest automotive group said Thursday that Porsche AG, the tiny
sports-car maker acquired by VW in 2012, churned out nearly as much profit as
the much larger flagship VW brand. Propelled by Porsche, an otherwise sluggish
VW group posted a small 1.5% rise in operating profit to €11.7 billion ($16.26
billion).

Although Porsche sold only 155,000 cars last year,...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:37 a.m. ET

JAKARTA, Indonesia—Indonesia's central bank kept its benchmark interest rate
unchanged at 7.50% for the fourth straight month Thursday, keeping its tight
monetary bias despite falling inflation and a narrowing current-account
deficit.

Bank Indonesia raised rates by a total of 1.75 percentage points between last
June and November to bolster the local currency, the rupiah, which slumped
nearly 21% against the dollar last year.

...

Updated March 13, 2014 1:20 p.m. ET

Rising tensions in Ukraine once again hit European stocks Thursday,
accelerating the recent selloff and pulling Germany's main benchmark to a
three-month low.

In a further sign of stress, traditional safe harbors including German
government bonds and the Japanese yen rallied.

The DAX closed 1.9% lower at 9017.79, its weakest level since...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:26 a.m. ET 

Inflation in Japan has finally reached the price that matters most to ordinary
people—wages. After years of stagnant pay, the significance of raises
announced by Japan's biggest employers shouldn't be underestimated.

In annual negotiations just concluded, companies including Toyota, Panasonic,
and Toshiba agreed to increase base pay for the first time since 2008. The
raises, to take effect in April, seem small at first glance....

Updated March 13, 2014 8:44 a.m. ET

FRANKFURT—Deutsche Lufthansa AG shares jumped Thursday following the airline
group's optimistic 2014 outlook and decision to reinstate its dividend.

Lufthansa said Thursday it would pay a dividend this year despite a 75% fall
in net profit last year after hitting its restructuring target. Growth in its
passenger business and cost control helped the German flag-carrier achieve
that goal.

The airline, Europe's largest carrier...

Updated March 13, 2014 1:50 p.m. ET

PARIS—The bidding war for Vivendi SA's SFR phone unit intensified, with two
suitors submitting sweetened bids ahead of a Vivendi board meeting to consider
its plan to become a smaller, media-focused company.

Cable operator Altice SA and conglomerate Bouygues SA raised the cash portions
of their offers to buy control of SFR in last-ditch efforts to sway Vivendi
directors. Both are also offering Vivendi substantial stakes in a new...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:45 a.m. ET 

COPENHAGEN—Danish service-industry giant ISS floated on the Copenhagen stock
exchange Thursday, raising 8 billion Danish kroner ($1.5 billion) in the
biggest public listing on a Nordic exchange for 14 years in terms of market
capitalization.

ISS, which employs more than a half-million people in cleaning, property
management, security and catering, was finally successful after two other
failed attempts to relist since investors took it...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:51 p.m. ET

AUSTIN, Texas—A 21-year-old suspected drunken driver has been accused of
plowing into a crowd at the South by Southwest festival early Thursday
morning, killing two people and injuring at least 20 others.

The accident—the first of its kind in the history of the event—spanned several
blocks, one of which was closed to traffic and filled with people on the
street. Organizers said the festival would continue.

Rashad Charjuan...

Updated March 13, 2014 1:59 p.m. ET

Royal Dutch Shell PLC's chief executive said Thursday that the oil company
will "moderate our growth ambitions," in an attempt to boost profits after
years of heavy spending.

Ben van Beurden, who took over as Shell's CEO in January, said in a strategy
presentation in London that the company's "financial performance can improve,"
and that he will cut capital spending and focus on fixing Shell's low-
return...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:45 a.m. ET

MILAN—Assicurazioni Generali SpA said Thursday it would double its dividend as
it swung to a fourth-quarter net profit from a hefty year-earlier loss caused
by write-downs on a number of its assets.

The Italian insurer posted a fourth-quarter net profit of €324 million ($450.4
million) compared with a loss of €1.04 billion a year earlier.

...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:24 p.m. ET

HANOI—Vietnam's military radars didn't detect anything related to Malaysia
Airlines Flight 370 after its disappearance from civilian radar early
Saturday, said Lt. Gen. Vo Van Tuan, the army's deputy chief of staff.

"If it changed course and kept flying for hours, it would have gotten out of
Vietnam's flight-information region," Lt. Gen. Tuan said.

U.S. investigators suspect that the Boeing 777-200 stayed in the air...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:39 p.m. ET 

BEIJING—China's economy weakened sharply during the first two months of the
year, deepening concerns that growth in the world's second-largest economy
would decelerate further.

The country's top leaders now have tough decisions about whether to set aside
economic overhaul measures that could pinch growth in the short-term.

The slowdown was across the board, including retail, manufacturing, housing
and investment, as the...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:11 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Hong Kong's de facto central bank has notified banks in the city
that a more than year-long investigation found no successful manipulation of
the local benchmark interest rate, according to people familiar with the
matter.

The investigation by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority reviewed millions of
communications records, and was begun after the authority received information
from overseas regulators about alleged misconduct...

Updated March 13, 2014 12:35 a.m. ET

The Jets have a new top receiver.

The team said late Wednesday that it had acquired free-agent receiver Eric
Decker, widely considered the best available player at his position on the
market.

Decker played four seasons for the Denver Broncos,...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:56 a.m. ET

BEIJING—Chinese Premier Li Keqiang promised to keep economic growth humming
this year and to further rein in corruption by limiting the powers of
government officials to interfere in business.

Speaking at what is typically just one news conference a year for Chinese
premiers, Mr. Li said China had surmounted a credit squeeze, flagging demand
and other economic headwinds last year. This year, he said, the difficulties
are greater....

Updated March 13, 2014 5:16 a.m. ET

Hong Kong stocks were bumped lower on Thursday by another set of disappointing
economic data from China, while Australian stocks rose on the back of strong
employment numbers.

The Hang Seng Index lost 0.7% to 21756.00, after news that China's industrial
output rose by 8.6% year-over-year in the January and February period, lower
than an expected 9.5% expansion, and slower than December's 9.7% increase.
Retail sales figures also undershot expectations, expanding 11.8% year-over-
year in the first two months of the year. The...

Updated March 13, 2014 2:51 a.m. ET

TOKYO—Japan's nuclear power regulator has chosen two reactors in southwestern
Japan as the first candidates for being restarted under new regulations meant
to prevent another disaster like the one at Fukushima in 2011.

At its weekly board meeting Thursday, the Nuclear Regulation Authority
selected Kyushu Electric Power Co.'s Sendai No. 1 and 2 reactors as the first
on which it will aim to complete its screening process, with most...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:02 p.m. ET

The owners of the Lower East Side's Grey Lady wanted "to keep the island thing
going" with their newest venture, Norman's Cay, a Caribbean-themed spot that
opened in the fall.

Partner Ryan Chadwick says his years of living on the Bahamian island of Exuma
inspired the new bar, named after another nearby island. Norman's Cay is just
around the corner from the Nantucket-influenced Grey Lady, the team's first
restaurant.

![The lionfish tacos with pickled cabbage, pineapple and chipotle
crema.](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/NY-
CW936_HAPPYH_P_20140312200504.jpg) ENLARGE

The lionfish tacos with pickled cabbage, pineapple and chipotle crema. Agaton
Strom for The Wall Street Journal

Norman's Cay feels a bit like a seaside shack, with its distressed-wood
paneling and aqua-colored corrugated metal lining the bar.

Emily Siegel, an interior designer and Mr. Chadwick's girlfriend, designed the
place, but it was Mr. Chadwick's idea to install a prop plane on the ceiling
(an item he bought on eBay and drove back to New York in a box truck from
Dayton, Ohio). The restaurant will have outdoor seating as soon as the weather
warms up.

Island cocktails—Sky Juice, with gin, coconut water and nutmeg, and the
classic Dark & Stormy, with rum, ginger beer and lime, are some of the most
popular, says Mr. Chadwick. The Painkiller, with rum, cream of coconut and
pineapple and orange juices, is another bright option. (All cocktails are
$13.)

![The Sky Juice cocktail.](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/NY-
CW926_HAPPYH_DV_20140312183129.jpg) ENLARGE

The Sky Juice cocktail. Agaton Strom for The Wall Street Journal

Conch fritters ($8) and the tuna sashimi ($12) make for good bar snacks, as do
the lionfish tacos ($10), which are served with pickled cabbage, pineapple and
chipotle crema.

The invasive lionfish has become an environmental issue in Caribbean waters,
and Mr. Chadwick says Norman's Cay, one of the few places in New York that
offers the fish, wants "to create a demand for it as part of a preservation
effort."

It doesn't hurt that it's delicious—light, flaky and reminiscent of grouper.
They also serve it as a whole fried presentation ($32).

--V.L. Hendrickson

**Norman's Cay, 74 Orchard St., between Grand and Broome streets; opening at 6 p.m. daily; 646-481-1229.**

**Corrections & Amplifications**   
An earlier version of this article misspelled Emily Siegel's surname.

  *   *   *   *   *   * Save Article
  * [Sign In to Save](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702304914904579435620830495270)
  * [Subscribe to WSJ](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpheader)
  *   *   *   * Text Size
  * Regular
  * Medium
  * Large
  *   *   * Google+ 
  * LinkedIn 
  *   * Print

0 comments

 [ ![Livefyre](https://d3qdfnco3bamip.cloudfront.net/wjs/v3.0/images/lf-
logo.png)](http://livefyre.com)

  * [Get Livefyre](http://livefyre.com)
  * [FAQ](http://support.livefyre.com)

Sign in

\+ Follow

Post comment



Link

Newest | Oldest

Show More Archives

Advertisement

####  Popular on WSJ

## Popular on WSJ

## Articles

  * [ ![Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI378_lego07_C_20150710174036.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

####  [Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-
tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

  * [ ![Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI676_GDEAL0_C_20150712194624.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

####  [Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-
ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

  * [ ![The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/RV-AQ661_FLAG_C_20150710164224.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

####  [The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

  * [ ![The Unaffordable Care Act](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI407_1costs_C_20150710184608.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

####  [Opinion: The Unaffordable Care Act](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-
unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

  * [ ![Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI645_KEYWOR_C_20150712171933.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

####  [Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future
Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-
greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

## Videos

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

#### [Mexican Drug Lord ‘El Chapo’ Guzmán Escapes](http://www.wsj.com/video
/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title
/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

#### [Djokovic Beats Federer to Win Wimbledon Title](http://www.wsj.com/video
/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-
83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

#### [Time-Lapse: Jaguar Lightweight E-Type Sports
Car](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv2_167x
94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv
2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-mastectomy-rebellion
/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

#### [The Double Mastectomy Rebellion](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-
mastectomy-rebellion/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-
9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/070915finnishbaseba
ll2_167x94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/07091
5finnishbaseball2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/inside-pesaepallo-
finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

#### [Inside Pesäpallo, Finland's Answer to Baseball](http://www.wsj.com/video
/inside-pesaepallo-finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

####  Editors' Picks

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF096_201507_D_20150713011254.jpg)

#### Stocks

###

[China Rally Gains Steam

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/asian-shares-mostly-up-on-hopes-for-
greece-1436749790?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_0)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF095_201507_D_20150712221605.jpg)

#### Markets

###

[Debt Load Digs Into Mining Industry

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/debt-load-digs-into-mining-
industry-1436729641?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_1)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI498_eugree_D_20150712100718.jpg)

#### Europe

###

[Europe Takes Hard Line With Greece

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-crisis-talks-
continue-1436691054?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_2)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI487_cgraft_D_20150712052101.jpg)

#### China

###

[Graft Probe Targets Vice President of China’s Highest Court

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/graft-probe-targets-vice-president-of-chinas-
highest-court-1436693940?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_3)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BT-AD028_NINTEN_D_20150712224557.jpg)

####  Obituary | 1959-2015

###

[Nintendo President Satoru Iwata Dies of Cancer

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/nintendo-president-satoru-iwata-dies-of-
cancer-1436747352?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_4)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI497_0712ir_D_20150712100301.jpg)

#### Middle East

###

[Europeans Press for Iran Deal Monday

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-warns-major-issues-remain-in-iran-
talks-1436712760?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_5)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI588_0712sm_D_20150712153525.jpg)

#### Tech

###

[Apple’s Share of Smartphone Industry’s Profits Soars to 92%

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/apples-share-of-smartphone-industrys-profits-
soars-to-92-1436727458?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_6)

  * [

![](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150513/indiabus_tv/indiabus_tv_512x288.jpg)

PLAY ](http://www.wsj.com/video/india-bus-tv-footage/F4616071-240A-4EAC-
AC96-8DAEBA86AB2C.html)

####

### [

India Bus TV Footage

](http://www.wsj.com/video/india-bus-tv-footage/F4616071-240A-4EAC-
AC96-8DAEBA86AB2C.html)

* [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/)
* Asia Edition

  * [U.S.](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Asia](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Europe](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [India](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [America Latina](http://lat.wsj.com)
  * [Brasil](http://br.wsj.com)
  * 中国[ (China)](http://cn.wsj.com/gb/index.asp)
  * 日本[ (Japan)](http://jp.wsj.com/)
  * 한국[ (Korea)](http://kr.wsj.com/)

Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India America Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) 한국
(Korea)

Text Size: Small Medium Large

[Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)[Sign In](https://id.wsj.co
m/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%
2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702304914904579435620830495270)

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Legal Policies](http://www.wsj.com/policy/legal-policies)

* * [Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)
* [Sign In](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702304914904579435620830495270)
* TOP«

* Subscribe

* [Why Subscribe?](http://subscription.wsj.com/)
* [WSJ+](http://www.wsjplus.com/)
* [Corporate Subscriptions](http://subscription.wsj.com/corporate/)
* [Apps](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/designtech-wsjModuleHome.html)
* [Professor Journal](http://professor.wsj.com/)
* [Student Journal](http://wsjstudent.com/)
* Customer Service

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Live Help](https://customercenter.wsj.com/livechat/chat?product=WSJ)
* [Redesign Guided Tour](http://www.wsj.com/guidedtour/)
* Tools & Features

* [Emails & Alerts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/email-setup.html)
* [Guides](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/guides.html)
* [My News](http://www.wsj.com/user/mynews/pages/reader)
* [Portfolio](http://portfolio.wsj.com)
* [RSS Feeds](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/rss_news_and_feeds.html)
* [Topics](http://topics.wsj.com)
* [Video Center](http://www.wsj.com/video)
* [Watchlist](http://www.wsj.com/user/personalization/watchlist)
* Ads

* [Advertise](http://www.wsjmediakit.com)
* [Advertise Locally](http://www.wsjlocal.com)
* [Commercial Real Estate Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Commercial-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Place a Classified Ad](http://classifieds.wsj.com)
* [Sell Your Business](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Business-For-Sale-Ads)
* [Sell Your Home](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Residential-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Recruitment & Career Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Job-Ads)
* More

* [Content Partnerships](http://wsj.com/partner)
* [Corrections](http://www.wsj.com/news/column/Corrections)
* [Jobs at WSJ](http://www.dowjones.com/careers.asp)
* [Make Time](http://www.wsj.com/maketime)
* [News Archive](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/archive.html)
* [Register for Free](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/register_standalone.html)
* [Reprints](http://www.djreprints.com)

  * [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/wsj)
  * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/WSJ)
  * [Google+](https://plus.google.com/117720626238470886461/posts)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-wall-street-journal)
  * [YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/user/WSJDigitalNetwork)
  * [Podcasts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/podcast.html)
  * [GooglePlay](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wsj.reader_sp)
  * [AppStore](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-wall-street-journal./id364387007?mt=8)

* Dow Jones Products
* [Barron's](http://online.barrons.com/home-page)
* [BigCharts](http://bigcharts.marketwatch.com)
* [DJX](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/wsj-x-marketing.html)
* [Dow Jones Newswires](http://new.dowjones.com/products/dj-news)
* [Factiva](https://global.factiva.com/factivalogin/login.asp?productname=global)
* [Financial News](http://www.efinancialnews.com)
* [Mansion Global](http://mansionglobal.com)
* [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com)
* [Private Markets](http://pevc.dowjones.com)
* [realtor.com](http://www.realtor.com)
* [Risk & Compliance](https://djlogin.dowjones.com/login.asp?productname=rnc)
* [WSJ Conference](http://www.wsj.com/conferences)
* [WSJ Video](http://live.wsj.com)
* [WSJ Wine](http://www.wsjwine.com)

* [Privacy Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/privacy-policy)
* [Cookie Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy)
* [Copyright Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/copyright-policy)
* [Data Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/data-policy)
* [Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use](http://www.wsj.com/policy/subscriber-agreement)
* [Your Ad Choices](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy#cookies_advertising)
* Copyright (C)2015 [Dow Jones & Company](http://www.dowjones.com), Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Copyright 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved

This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use
of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright
law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow
Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Updated March 13, 2014 1:19 p.m. ET

President Barack Obama's overtime-pay proposal could be especially costly to
small employers, many of which are also grappling with recent changes to
minimum-wage and sick-pay laws, human-resources experts and business owners
said.

"Right now the economy is shaky, and many use overtime so they don't have to
hire new people," said John J. Sullivan, professor of management at San
Francisco State University.

...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:13 p.m. ET

Our guess is that Vladimir Putin had long planned his Crimean takeover, and
new evidence suggests his attack on Ukraine long preceded it. The Associated
Press reported this week that the U.K.-based defense contractor BAE Systems
has found that Ukrainian computer systems have been targeted at least 22 times
by "committed and well-funded professionals" since January 2013.

BAE didn't identify the source of the attacks, but AP reports that G Data
Software of Germany says that a variant of the "Snake"...

Updated March 13, 2014 8:53 a.m. ET

Citigroup Inc. is cracking down on its embattled Mexico business, lowering the
pay of the unit's chairman and warning it may cut the compensation of other
employees.

The New York bank said in a regulatory filing Wednesday that its Mexico
chairman, Manuel Medina-Mora, one the company's most senior executives,
received a 14% pay cut for 2013. Mr. Medina-Mora is accountable for missteps
last year at Banamex USA, the U.S. unit of...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:07 a.m. ET

WELLINGTON, New Zealand—New Zealand raised interest rates for the first time
in almost four years and signaled further increases to come, breaking from
other developed nations that are still slowly emerging from the global
financial crisis.

The move, while expected, sent the nation's currency to its highest level
against a basket of major currencies since it was floated in 1985—underscoring
the risks to the export-dependent economy...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:47 a.m. ET

The U.S. launched a last-ditch effort Wednesday to avert a potentially costly
diplomatic crisis with Moscow ahead of a vote Sunday in Crimea on whether the
region should leave Ukraine and return to Russia.

Top Obama administration officials sought to ramp up the pressure on Moscow
even as they braced for a possible diplomatic failure. U.S. Secretary of State
John Kerry said Russia "may well" end up annexing the restive...

Updated March 13, 2014 12:01 a.m. ET

KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia—Details released Wednesday about the possible radar
track of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 revealed the depth of confusion over the
fate of the plane—and served as a reminder of how difficult such tracking can
be.

The tracking of the Boeing 777 before it disappeared early Saturday on a
flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing has been a puzzle from the outset, with
officials saying that the plane appeared to turn...

Updated March 13, 2014 11:34 p.m. ET

Eight years ago, Simon Evans stepped outside of a party in San Francisco to
have a cigarette and met Sarah Lannan, who was also having a smoke. They
immediately felt a deep connection and a month later they moved to Berlin
together. "We decided that night," says Mr. Evans.

A former professional skateboarder, (his signature move back in the day was
the challenging "No Comply") Mr. Evans's intricate collages, lists and maps
had earned him a growing reputation in the Bay Area art scene and beyond. Ms.
Lannan was barely scraping by as a commercial illustrator, doing work for
literary magazines and album art and posters for bands. After the move to
Berlin, she began spending more of her time helping Mr. Evans with his highly
detailed, labor-intensive work. "It became clear that all we wanted to do was
to work together and hang out together," says Mr. Evans, 41. The pair, who
discovered that they have nearly identical handwriting, immersed themselves in
making art together. While Ms. Lannan, 29, was deeply involved in the
creations, the works continued to carry his name.

#### Works by Simon Evans

[ ![](http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-
BW262_0314LO_G_20140311162447.jpg)
](/news/articles/SB10001424052702304914904579435110740218766)

'Inbetweens' (2013) © Simon Evans/James Cohan Galle

Mr. Evans's ascension in the art world continued. His work, which sells for
between $15,000 and $100,000 a piece, is in prominent collections around the
world, including the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. In 2009, he had his
first solo show at the James Cohan Gallery, a well-known gallery in New York
that also has a branch in Shanghai. Mr. Evans's third solo show, "Edible
Landscape" is up at the New York gallery. It is a prime slot: The city's
galleries tend to feature hot artists this month because collectors from all
over the world descend on New York for the beginning of the art-fair season
and the Whitney Biennial. A major monograph on Mr. Evans's work was also
published this month by art book publisher Kerber Verlag.

But as the pair worked around the clock to finish the current show and make
final corrections on the book, tensions began to emerge about their unusual
working relationship. At a dinner party in their honor after the opening of
his recent show at the MOCA in Cleveland, Mr. Evans was verbally attacked by
an artist, who objected to how credit was assigned to the art works created by
the pair. "He called me a misogynist," says Mr. Evans.

The confrontation touched a nerve. Ms. Lannan had been growing increasingly
uncomfortable with their practice of showing work that they had jointly
produced under Mr. Evans's name. They went to a couple's therapist in 2012 to
talk about it, but found they spent much of the sessions educating the
counselor on how the art world worked, according to the pair. The issue
continued to fester for Ms. Lannan.

Simon Evans is a rising star in the art world. Now his wife wants more credit
for the work she jointly creates with her husband. Eben Shapiro has details on
Lunch Break. Photo: Adrienne Grunwald for The Wall Street Journal.

Other couples have worked together in the art world. The artistic team of
Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen has created a number of large-scale
sculptures. The works are often popularly identified by his name, although
they get joint credit. And Christo and Jeanne-Claude created works together
around the world. He is generally the front man, while she gets credit as a
collaborator.

For Mr. Evans and Ms. Lannan, who married in 2011, the issue came to a head
after a frenzied 48-hour sleepless stint putting the finishing touches on the
New York gallery show. The pair was reviewing press material from the gallery
and Ms. Lannan blanched when Simon Evans got all the credit. "We reached a
point in our working relationship where it didn't feel accurate anymore, the
way it was being portrayed," says Ms. Lannan.

Still, given Mr. Evans's reputation, Ms. Lannan was wary of upsetting the
status quo. "We thought it was up to 'The Man,' or whoever was in control of
the art world," she said. "There is no way I was going to destroy this thing
that Simon has. And neither one of us wants to lose our jobs."

Complicating things, the couple is cagey about how the work is produced. "My
understanding is they operate as one being," says James Cohan, director of the
New York gallery. The pair declines to get into too many details about how
they jointly produce the work or even if some of the work that bears Mr.
Evans's name was produced exclusively by Ms. Lannan.

"It's private," says Ms. Lannan. To detail who contributed what to what work,
"would be like bringing you into our bedroom," she says. "It would be like
describing the sexual positions we have."

Mr. Evans is completely supportive of his wife. "The most important thing to
me is Sarah's soul," he says. The gallery took its guidance from the couple
and ultimately changed the press release to include the following statement:
"Integral to Evans's artistic practice is his collaboration with his wife and
creative partner, Sarah Lannan."

Mr. Evans said the couple recently decided they are going to start jointly
producing work under Ms. Lannan's name while continuing to produce under Mr.
Evans's name as well. "We've got scary days ahead of us," he said. Still, both
of them say they will continue to collaborate and jointly produce work, rather
than just go their separate ways artistically. Says Mr. Evans, "That would be
like we were breaking up."

**Write to ** Eben Shapiro at [Eben.Shapiro@wsj.com](mailto:Eben.Shapiro@wsj.com)

  * 1274 
  *   *   *   *   * Save Article
  * [Sign In to Save](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702303795904579431390766757658)
  * [Subscribe to WSJ](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpheader)
  *   *   *   * Text Size
  * Regular
  * Medium
  * Large
  *   *   * Google+ 
  * LinkedIn 
  *   * Print

3 comments

 [ ![Livefyre](https://d3qdfnco3bamip.cloudfront.net/wjs/v3.0/images/lf-
logo.png)](http://livefyre.com)

  * [Get Livefyre](http://livefyre.com)
  * [FAQ](http://support.livefyre.com)

Sign in

\+ Follow

Post comment



Link

Newest | Oldest

![Jessica Dawson](http://gravatar.com/avatar/7fad7361e7dcb0634ebcd8df892f1d80/
?s=50&d=http://avatars.fyre.co/a/anon/50.jpg)

Jessica Dawson 5pts

I wrote a similar story in the Daily Beast last week:  
<http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/03/17/why-the-art-world-ignores-
wives.html>

![jerome rathskeller](https://lfavatar-a.akamaihd.net/a/286/878e6b44cc387ba2bc
4d3621dfa0cbf3/50.jpg?v=1418029849)

jerome rathskeller subscriber 5pts

Jeff Koons employs about 80 or so people to execute his ideas/objects. What's
the difference? Who reads the credits at the end of movies all the way thru
anyway? ( unless you worked on the film).

![Edmond Childers](http://avatars.fyre.co/a/286/0f5e27dc13b1776abf47e8665647bf
70/50.jpg?v=1408117503)

Edmond Childers subscriber 5pts

This is a great article about the strength and creativity that can come out of
a vital relationship between spouses. I commend both spouses for their
humility to recognize they are dependent on each other.  
  
  
  
This is the opposite of many American marriages that devolve into two spouses
living individual lives in the same house. I don’t know where I would be
without my wife, but probably doing something dumb.

Show More Archives

Advertisement

####  Popular on WSJ

## Popular on WSJ

## Articles

  * [ ![Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI378_lego07_C_20150710174036.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

####  [Lego Tries to Build a Better Brick](http://www.wsj.com/articles/lego-
tries-to-build-a-better-brick-1436734774?mod=trending_now_1)

  * [ ![Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI676_GDEAL0_C_20150712194624.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

####  [Germany Flexes Its Muscles on Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/greek-debt-crisis-europe-pushes-athens-to-brink-with-bailout-
ultimatum-1436745387?mod=trending_now_2)

  * [ ![The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/RV-AQ661_FLAG_C_20150710164224.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

####  [The Right Way to Remember the Confederacy](http://www.wsj.com/articles
/the-right-way-to-remember-the-confederacy-1436568855?mod=trending_now_3)

  * [ ![The Unaffordable Care Act](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI407_1costs_C_20150710184608.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

####  [Opinion: The Unaffordable Care Act](http://www.wsj.com/articles/the-
unaffordable-care-act-1436569086?mod=trending_now_4)

  * [ ![Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future Greece](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI645_KEYWOR_C_20150712171933.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

####  [Mims: How Future Bitcoin Can Prevent a Future
Greece](http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-future-bitcoin-can-prevent-a-future-
greece-1436744064?mod=trending_now_5)

## Videos

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215guzman/071215guzman_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

#### [Mexican Drug Lord ‘El Chapo’ Guzmán Escapes](http://www.wsj.com/video
/mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-
escapes/ED004F68-39F5-4851-9DB1-16F324F4BD85.html?mod=trending_now_video_1)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150712/071215mfinal/071215mfinal_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title
/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

#### [Djokovic Beats Federer to Win Wimbledon Title](http://www.wsj.com/video
/djokovic-beats-federer-to-win-wimbledon-title/F51F834D-CB9B-426C-
83A4-18110FA7132C.html?mod=trending_now_video_2)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg\]](ht
tp://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070815jaglwe/070815jaglwe_167x94.jpg)
](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

#### [Time-Lapse: Jaguar Lightweight E-Type Sports
Car](http://www.wsj.com/video/time-lapse-jaguar-lightweight-e-type-sports-
car/702CC741-FE49-4811-9D32-DFC0D5DDC21D.html?mod=trending_now_video_3)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv2_167x
94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150710/071015mastectomyv2/071015mastectomyv
2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-mastectomy-rebellion
/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

#### [The Double Mastectomy Rebellion](http://www.wsj.com/video/the-double-
mastectomy-rebellion/BA7BC98D-E9FC-4EBD-
9CF6-049CE1C5422F.html?mod=trending_now_video_4)

  * [

![\[http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/070915finnishbaseba
ll2_167x94.jpg\]](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150709/070915finnishbaseball2/07091
5finnishbaseball2_167x94.jpg) ](http://www.wsj.com/video/inside-pesaepallo-
finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

#### [Inside Pesäpallo, Finland's Answer to Baseball](http://www.wsj.com/video
/inside-pesaepallo-finland-answer-to-baseball/2BBD77C4-3165-4C09-AF2A-
38818D00DF24.html?mod=trending_now_video_5)

####  Editors' Picks

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF096_201507_D_20150713011254.jpg)

#### Stocks

###

[China Rally Gains Steam

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/asian-shares-mostly-up-on-hopes-for-
greece-1436749790?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_0)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/OG-AF095_201507_D_20150712221605.jpg)

#### Markets

###

[Debt Load Digs Into Mining Industry

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/debt-load-digs-into-mining-
industry-1436729641?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_1)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI498_eugree_D_20150712100718.jpg)

#### Europe

###

[Europe Takes Hard Line With Greece

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/greek-crisis-talks-
continue-1436691054?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_2)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI487_cgraft_D_20150712052101.jpg)

#### China

###

[Graft Probe Targets Vice President of China’s Highest Court

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/graft-probe-targets-vice-president-of-chinas-
highest-court-1436693940?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_3)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BT-AD028_NINTEN_D_20150712224557.jpg)

####  Obituary | 1959-2015

###

[Nintendo President Satoru Iwata Dies of Cancer

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/nintendo-president-satoru-iwata-dies-of-
cancer-1436747352?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_4)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI497_0712ir_D_20150712100301.jpg)

#### Middle East

###

[Europeans Press for Iran Deal Monday

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-warns-major-issues-remain-in-iran-
talks-1436712760?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_5)

  * ![](http://s.wsj.net/public/resources/images/BN-JI588_0712sm_D_20150712153525.jpg)

#### Tech

###

[Apple’s Share of Smartphone Industry’s Profits Soars to 92%

](http://www.wsj.com/articles/apples-share-of-smartphone-industrys-profits-
soars-to-92-1436727458?mod=WSJ_article_EditorsPicks_6)

  * [

![](http://m.wsj.net/video/20150513/indiabus_tv/indiabus_tv_512x288.jpg)

PLAY ](http://www.wsj.com/video/india-bus-tv-footage/F4616071-240A-4EAC-
AC96-8DAEBA86AB2C.html)

####

### [

India Bus TV Footage

](http://www.wsj.com/video/india-bus-tv-footage/F4616071-240A-4EAC-
AC96-8DAEBA86AB2C.html)

* [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/)
* Asia Edition

  * [U.S.](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Asia](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [Europe](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [India](http://www.wsj.com/)
  * [America Latina](http://lat.wsj.com)
  * [Brasil](http://br.wsj.com)
  * 中国[ (China)](http://cn.wsj.com/gb/index.asp)
  * 日本[ (Japan)](http://jp.wsj.com/)
  * 한국[ (Korea)](http://kr.wsj.com/)

Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India America Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) 한국
(Korea)

Text Size: Small Medium Large

[Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)[Sign In](https://id.wsj.co
m/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%
2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702303795904579431390766757658)

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Legal Policies](http://www.wsj.com/policy/legal-policies)

* * [Subscribe](https://subscribe.wsj.com/awsjhpfooter)
* [Sign In](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/login_standalone.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2FSB10001424052702303795904579431390766757658)
* TOP«

* Subscribe

* [Why Subscribe?](http://subscription.wsj.com/)
* [WSJ+](http://www.wsjplus.com/)
* [Corporate Subscriptions](http://subscription.wsj.com/corporate/)
* [Apps](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/designtech-wsjModuleHome.html)
* [Professor Journal](http://professor.wsj.com/)
* [Student Journal](http://wsjstudent.com/)
* Customer Service

* [Customer Center](http://help.wsj.com/customer-service)
* [Live Help](https://customercenter.wsj.com/livechat/chat?product=WSJ)
* [Redesign Guided Tour](http://www.wsj.com/guidedtour/)
* Tools & Features

* [Emails & Alerts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/email-setup.html)
* [Guides](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/guides.html)
* [My News](http://www.wsj.com/user/mynews/pages/reader)
* [Portfolio](http://portfolio.wsj.com)
* [RSS Feeds](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/rss_news_and_feeds.html)
* [Topics](http://topics.wsj.com)
* [Video Center](http://www.wsj.com/video)
* [Watchlist](http://www.wsj.com/user/personalization/watchlist)
* Ads

* [Advertise](http://www.wsjmediakit.com)
* [Advertise Locally](http://www.wsjlocal.com)
* [Commercial Real Estate Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Commercial-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Place a Classified Ad](http://classifieds.wsj.com)
* [Sell Your Business](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Business-For-Sale-Ads)
* [Sell Your Home](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Residential-Real-Estate-Ads)
* [Recruitment & Career Ads](https://classifieds.wsj.com/ad/Job-Ads)
* More

* [Content Partnerships](http://wsj.com/partner)
* [Corrections](http://www.wsj.com/news/column/Corrections)
* [Jobs at WSJ](http://www.dowjones.com/careers.asp)
* [Make Time](http://www.wsj.com/maketime)
* [News Archive](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/archive.html)
* [Register for Free](https://id.wsj.com/access/50f57257bd7fb2d2f6629af5/latest/register_standalone.html)
* [Reprints](http://www.djreprints.com)

  * [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/wsj)
  * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/WSJ)
  * [Google+](https://plus.google.com/117720626238470886461/posts)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-wall-street-journal)
  * [YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/user/WSJDigitalNetwork)
  * [Podcasts](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/podcast.html)
  * [GooglePlay](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wsj.reader_sp)
  * [AppStore](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-wall-street-journal./id364387007?mt=8)

* Dow Jones Products
* [Barron's](http://online.barrons.com/home-page)
* [BigCharts](http://bigcharts.marketwatch.com)
* [DJX](http://www.wsj.com/public/page/wsj-x-marketing.html)
* [Dow Jones Newswires](http://new.dowjones.com/products/dj-news)
* [Factiva](https://global.factiva.com/factivalogin/login.asp?productname=global)
* [Financial News](http://www.efinancialnews.com)
* [Mansion Global](http://mansionglobal.com)
* [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com)
* [Private Markets](http://pevc.dowjones.com)
* [realtor.com](http://www.realtor.com)
* [Risk & Compliance](https://djlogin.dowjones.com/login.asp?productname=rnc)
* [WSJ Conference](http://www.wsj.com/conferences)
* [WSJ Video](http://live.wsj.com)
* [WSJ Wine](http://www.wsjwine.com)

* [Privacy Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/privacy-policy)
* [Cookie Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy)
* [Copyright Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/copyright-policy)
* [Data Policy](http://www.wsj.com/policy/data-policy)
* [Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use](http://www.wsj.com/policy/subscriber-agreement)
* [Your Ad Choices](http://www.wsj.com/policy/cookie-policy#cookies_advertising)
* Copyright (C)2015 [Dow Jones & Company](http://www.dowjones.com), Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Copyright 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved

This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use
of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright
law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow
Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Updated March 13, 2014 5:00 a.m. ET

NEW YORK—At least six people were killed and more than 60 were injured in an
apparent natural-gas explosion that leveled two residential buildings and
severely damaged a third Wednesday morning in Manhattan, officials said.

Early Thursday, a New York Fire Department spokesman said an adult male was
pulled from the rubble just after...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:51 a.m. ET

Pfizer Inc. said a federal court has invalidated a patent that would have
offered an additional 18 months of U.S. exclusivity—and monopoly sales—for its
blockbuster painkiller Celebrex.

The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted Pfizer a "reissue patent" a year
ago covering methods of treating osteoarthritis and other approved conditions
with celecoxib, the active ingredient in Celebrex. These methods were claimed
by a...

Updated March 13, 2014 3:08 p.m. ET

U.S. investigators suspect that Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 stayed in the air
for up to four hours past the time it reached its last confirmed location,
according to two people familiar with the details, raising the possibility
that the plane could have flown on for hundreds of additional miles under
conditions that remain murky.

The investigators believe the plane flew for a total of up to five hours,
according to these people,...

Updated March 13, 2014 10:50 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—U.S. import prices spiked in February, as cold weather caused a
surge in demand for imported fuels to heat homes and businesses.

The price of overall imports climbed 0.9% in February from a month earlier,
the Labor Department said Thursday. That matched the largest one-month jump
since August 2012. Prices also rose more sharply in...

Updated March 13, 2014 11:28 a.m. ET

WASHINGTON—The number of Americans applying for first-time jobless benefits
fell to a three-month low last week, suggesting the labor market is
stabilizing after an early-winter lull.

Initial jobless claims, a measure of layoffs across the economy, declined by
9,000 to a seasonally adjusted 315,000 in the week ended March 8, the Labor
Department said Thursday. That marked the lowest level since late November.

The claims figure...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:38 p.m. ET

The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 200 points on Thursday as
soft economic data from China and rising tensions in Ukraine helped trigger
the biggest one-day drop for U.S. stocks in more than six weeks.

Stocks have struggled to find traction in 2014 after a nearly unimpeded rally
last year. Concerns over the true strength of the U.S. economy, turmoil in
emerging markets and worries about Federal Reserve policy have...

Updated March 13, 2014 3:29 p.m. ET

KUALA LUMPUR—Malaysian aviation officials said Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
could have flown for several hours despite vanishing from radar, but they said
they had received no data indicating this, saying that the data for suggesting
an extended flight don't exist.

Malaysian officials disagreed with a Wall Street Journal report that said U.S.
investigators suspect that the missing Malaysian plane remained in the air for
hours past the time of its last confirmed location, based on an analysis of
signals sent through the...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:44 p.m. ET

Fuel-cell manufacturer Plug Power Inc. said it expects its revenue to more
than double this year, giving the day traders who frequent the stock reason to
push the volatile shares higher.

The stock closed up 18% on higher-than-normal volume as the company also
posted double-digit revenue growth for the fourth quarter of 2013.

Plug Power and some of its peers in the fuel-cell sector have seen their
shares surge this year, partly...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:00 p.m. ET

Lending to consumers is back in fashion on Wall Street.

General Electric Co. said Thursday it will sell part of its credit-card unit
in an initial public offering. The move by the Fairfield, Conn., company
highlights the renewed investor enthusiasm for the card business after some
issuers were hit hard by defaults following the 2008 financial crisis.

The GE unit, which will be called Synchrony Financial, is the largest U.S....

Updated March 13, 2014 8:07 a.m. ET

EXPECT PRICE HIKES NEXT YEAR According to the Journal, "Health and Human
Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said health-insurance premiums 'are
likely to go up' in 2015, an acknowledgment that the Obama administration
doesn't believe the sweeping changes to the health-insurance marketplace will
end premium increases in the near term." Testifying Wednesday before the House
Committee on Ways and Means, Mrs. Sebelius added that she expects next year's
prices to rise "at a smaller pace than what we've seen"...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:32 p.m. ET

Hundreds of New York City first responders—gaining footholds on mounds of
rubble and digging with their hands—continued their grueling and complex
search Thursday for victims trapped in the wreckage of two buildings
demolished by an apparent gas explosion.

The crews' efforts were met with grim results: five more bodies were pulled
from the site near East 116 Street and Park Avenue, bringing the death toll of
Wednesday's blast to...

Updated March 13, 2014 8:55 a.m. ET

FRANKFURT—A strong euro could affect the European Central Bank's outlook for
inflation, Germany's central bank president said Thursday, an indication that
the ECB may have to take measures to shore up the region's fragile recovery
should the currency appreciate further.

"The exchange rate is not a target of our monetary policy, but it is one of
many variables in the data that influence the prognosis. In this way, an
appreciation of the euro could change the inflation outlook," Jens Weidmann, a
member of the...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:56 a.m. ET

Ireland made a big step toward its rehabilitation as a frequent borrower in
the government bond markets Thursday with its first standard auction since
September 2010, snagging its cheapest ever borrowing costs in the process.

The country, now emerging from a grueling three-year bailout, has issued debt
sporadically through banks over the past few months. But this transaction, a
tap of an existing bond maturing in 2024, was pre-announced and auctioned
directly—a mode of borrowing that typically only the most solid borrowers...

Updated March 13, 2014 11:42 a.m. ET

SINGAPORE—Asian natural-gas buyers are being hit in the pocket by a
combination of drought and heat in South America, as well as the coming World
Cup soccer tournament.

Liquefied natural gas available for sale on the spot market, which might
normally be shipped to Asia by sea from the Atlantic basin, has for the past
two months or so been snapped up by Brazil. The country needs to offset
shortfalls in hydroelectricity output caused...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:21 a.m. ET

In a world that loves to worry, it's China's turn in the spotlight.

Premier Li Keqiang said in his once-a-year news conference that China faces
"more difficulties" this year than last. It was an acknowledgment that behind
his otherwise sunny outlook, the mood has darkened.

Recent data confirm a story line building for the past few months: an economy
struggling to gain traction. China reported that industrial...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:49 a.m. ET 

LONDON—The listing here Thursday of allergy-drug specialist Circassia
Pharmaceutical PLC—one of the U.K.'s biggest-ever biotech initial public
offerings—is fueling new optimism about the sector across Europe.

Oxford, England-based Circassia priced at the top of its range to raise £200
million ($332 million), valuing the company's equity at £581 million. Europe's
top health-care bankers say they have been receiving a high number of...

Updated March 13, 2014 3:54 p.m. ET

The Kremlin mobilized troops and tanks for new drills close to Ukraine on
Thursday, despite an uncharacteristically sharp warning from Germany that
Russia itself would suffer "massively" if it didn't back down.

The Russian Defense Ministry's announcement came as diplomats prepared for
11th-hour talks in London on Friday—two days before the breakaway Crimea
region is to vote on seceding from Ukraine and joining Russia.

...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:38 p.m. ET

Oil futures ticked higher Thursday on expectations that U.S. demand would
improve after the current refinery maintenance season ends.

Light, sweet crude for April delivery settled up 21 cents, or 0.2%, at $98.20
a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude on the ICE futures
exchange fell 63 cents, or 0.6%, at $107.39 a barrel, its lowest price since
Feb. 6.

Better-than-expected U.S. economic data Thursday fueled...

Updated March 13, 2014 6:31 p.m. ET

BERLIN—At Volkswagen AG, the tail is wagging the dog.

Europe's largest automotive group said Thursday that Porsche AG, the tiny
sports-car maker acquired by VW in 2012, churned out nearly as much profit as
the much larger flagship VW brand. Propelled by Porsche, an otherwise sluggish
VW group posted a small 1.5% rise in operating profit to €11.7 billion ($16.26
billion).

Although Porsche sold only 155,000 cars last year,...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:37 a.m. ET

JAKARTA, Indonesia—Indonesia's central bank kept its benchmark interest rate
unchanged at 7.50% for the fourth straight month Thursday, keeping its tight
monetary bias despite falling inflation and a narrowing current-account
deficit.

Bank Indonesia raised rates by a total of 1.75 percentage points between last
June and November to bolster the local currency, the rupiah, which slumped
nearly 21% against the dollar last year.

...

Updated March 13, 2014 1:20 p.m. ET

Rising tensions in Ukraine once again hit European stocks Thursday,
accelerating the recent selloff and pulling Germany's main benchmark to a
three-month low.

In a further sign of stress, traditional safe harbors including German
government bonds and the Japanese yen rallied.

The DAX closed 1.9% lower at 9017.79, its weakest level since...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:26 a.m. ET 

Inflation in Japan has finally reached the price that matters most to ordinary
people—wages. After years of stagnant pay, the significance of raises
announced by Japan's biggest employers shouldn't be underestimated.

In annual negotiations just concluded, companies including Toyota, Panasonic,
and Toshiba agreed to increase base pay for the first time since 2008. The
raises, to take effect in April, seem small at first glance....

Updated March 13, 2014 8:44 a.m. ET

FRANKFURT—Deutsche Lufthansa AG shares jumped Thursday following the airline
group's optimistic 2014 outlook and decision to reinstate its dividend.

Lufthansa said Thursday it would pay a dividend this year despite a 75% fall
in net profit last year after hitting its restructuring target. Growth in its
passenger business and cost control helped the German flag-carrier achieve
that goal.

The airline, Europe's largest carrier...

Updated March 13, 2014 1:50 p.m. ET

PARIS—The bidding war for Vivendi SA's SFR phone unit intensified, with two
suitors submitting sweetened bids ahead of a Vivendi board meeting to consider
its plan to become a smaller, media-focused company.

Cable operator Altice SA and conglomerate Bouygues SA raised the cash portions
of their offers to buy control of SFR in last-ditch efforts to sway Vivendi
directors. Both are also offering Vivendi substantial stakes in a new...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:45 a.m. ET 

COPENHAGEN—Danish service-industry giant ISS floated on the Copenhagen stock
exchange Thursday, raising 8 billion Danish kroner ($1.5 billion) in the
biggest public listing on a Nordic exchange for 14 years in terms of market
capitalization.

ISS, which employs more than a half-million people in cleaning, property
management, security and catering, was finally successful after two other
failed attempts to relist since investors took it...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:51 p.m. ET

AUSTIN, Texas—A 21-year-old suspected drunken driver has been accused of
plowing into a crowd at the South by Southwest festival early Thursday
morning, killing two people and injuring at least 20 others.

The accident—the first of its kind in the history of the event—spanned several
blocks, one of which was closed to traffic and filled with people on the
street. Organizers said the festival would continue.

Rashad Charjuan...

Updated March 13, 2014 1:59 p.m. ET

Royal Dutch Shell PLC's chief executive said Thursday that the oil company
will "moderate our growth ambitions," in an attempt to boost profits after
years of heavy spending.

Ben van Beurden, who took over as Shell's CEO in January, said in a strategy
presentation in London that the company's "financial performance can improve,"
and that he will cut capital spending and focus on fixing Shell's low-
return...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:45 a.m. ET

MILAN—Assicurazioni Generali SpA said Thursday it would double its dividend as
it swung to a fourth-quarter net profit from a hefty year-earlier loss caused
by write-downs on a number of its assets.

The Italian insurer posted a fourth-quarter net profit of €324 million ($450.4
million) compared with a loss of €1.04 billion a year earlier.

...

Updated March 13, 2014 4:24 p.m. ET

HANOI—Vietnam's military radars didn't detect anything related to Malaysia
Airlines Flight 370 after its disappearance from civilian radar early
Saturday, said Lt. Gen. Vo Van Tuan, the army's deputy chief of staff.

"If it changed course and kept flying for hours, it would have gotten out of
Vietnam's flight-information region," Lt. Gen. Tuan said.

U.S. investigators suspect that the Boeing 777-200 stayed in the air...

Updated March 13, 2014 7:39 p.m. ET 

BEIJING—China's economy weakened sharply during the first two months of the
year, deepening concerns that growth in the world's second-largest economy
would decelerate further.

The country's top leaders now have tough decisions about whether to set aside
economic overhaul measures that could pinch growth in the short-term.

The slowdown was across the board, including retail, manufacturing, housing
and investment, as the...

Updated March 13, 2014 9:11 a.m. ET

HONG KONG—Hong Kong's de facto central bank has notified banks in the city
that a more than year-long investigation found no successful manipulation of
the local benchmark interest rate, according to people familiar with the
matter.

The investigation by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority reviewed millions of
communications records, and was begun after the authority received information
from overseas regulators about alleged misconduct...

Updated March 13, 2014 12:35 a.m. ET

The Jets have a new top receiver.

The team said late Wednesday that it had acquired free-agent receiver Eric
Decker, widely considered the best available player at his position on the
market.

Decker played four seasons for the Denver Broncos,...

Updated March 13, 2014 5:56 a.m. ET

BEIJING—Chinese Premier Li Keqiang promised to keep economic growth humming
this year and to further rein in corruption by limiting the powers of
government officials to interfere in business.

Speaking at what is typically just one news conference a year for Chinese
premiers, Mr. Li said China had surmounted a credit squeeze, flagging demand
and other economic headwinds last year. This year, he said, the difficulties
are greater....

Updated March 13, 2014 5:16 a.m. ET

Hong Kong stocks were bumped lower on Thursday by another set of disappointing
economic data from China, while Australian stocks rose on the back of strong
employment numbers.

The Hang Seng Index lost 0.7% to 21756.00, after news that China's industrial
output rose by 8.6% year-over-year in the January and February period, lower
than an expected 9.5% expansion, and slower than December's 9.7% increase.
Retail sales figures also undershot expectations, expanding 11.8% year-over-
year in the first two months of the year. The...

Updated March 13, 2014 2:51 a.m. ET

TOKYO—Japan's nuclear power regulator has chosen two reactors in southwestern
Japan as the first candidates for being restarted under new regulations meant
to prevent another disaster like the one at Fukushima in 2011.

At its weekly board meeting Thursday, the Nuclear Regulation Authority
selected Kyushu Electric Power Co.'s Sendai No. 1 and 2 reactors as the first
on which it will aim to complete its screening process, with most...

